---
category: Volume 1
discussion: 1508
index: 39
section: vol1
slug: 39
title: Sick
---

## Chapter 39: Sick

*If Pons Bénet had really entered Naroka's house to take away her hair
and nails, there's a high chance that Naroka had been murdered by a
relative. After all, Naroka had a good reputation and was the pillar of
the entire family. Furthermore, she was relatively healthy, both
physically and mentally, so it was unlikely that she had committed
suicide.* Lumian quickly came up with a series of speculations.

But if Naroka had really been murdered by a relative, what was the
reason?

Seeing that her brother was deep in thought and hadn't spoken for a long
time, Aurore thought that he was frightened by the idea of "humans
turning into sheep" and "someone from the Berry family dying from
murder". So she comforted him gently.

"Although the matter is serious, it doesn't affect us yet.

"I need to reflect on such matters. It's easy for you to panic when you
encounter something similar if you're always prohibited from coming into
contact with real mysticism. Hmm, the frequency of supernatural events
has been increasing in recent years, and I can't be by your side at all
times. You'll grow up and have your own life..."

Lumian inwardly retorted that he had never heard of someone having to
leave the family when they grew up.

He could feel that Aurore's attitude toward him coming into contact with
mysticism had loosened up due to the matter of humans turning into
sheep.

*If I work harder, I can directly tell her that I've become a
Beyonder...* Lumian thought, but before he could speak, Aurore
had already made her decision.

"Go pack your bags now. We'll leave Cordu immediately using Novel
Weekly's invitation. We're really lucky. They sent us a telegram at the
critical moment so that we can leave openly without being suspected.
When we're on our journey, I'll teach you some true mysticism, but don't
even think about becoming a Beyonder. It's too dangerous."

Lumian silently muttered to himself, *We're not lucky. I sent the
telegram because I discovered the problem. We only received a reply in
this cycle. But he was pleased that his sister was still the same
decisive person.*

Although he didn't think they could successfully leave Cordu Village or
escape the loop, he had to try.

"Uh, aren't we going to save those three sheep---three people?" Lumian
asked.

Aurore shook her head.

"This could trigger a conflict between us and Pierre Berry, and I'm not
sure how strong he is or how many helpers he has. It's too dangerous to
save others without knowing anything.

"It's better to let the officials do it. This is their duty. When we
reach Dariège and buy steam locomotive tickets, we'll send an anonymous
letter to the officials and let them handle it."

"But what if they don't believe us?" Lumian deliberately pressed.

Aurore smiled.

"In terms of mysticism, you are indeed illiterate. In the letter, we'll
describe the matter of turning people into sheep clearly. They will
naturally find professionals to perform divination. Even if they don't
obtain any detailed revelations, they will discover that there's
something abnormal about Cordu."

"Got it," Lumian said, and he went upstairs to pack his bags.

Not long after, the siblings each came down with a brown suitcase.

Aurore looked out the door and said, "Let's go to Madame Pualis and
borrow her carriage to reach Dariège as quickly as possible."

An ordinary person had to walk an entire afternoon from Cordu Village to
Dariège. As a Hunter, Lumian didn't need to, but in Aurore's eyes, he
wasn't a Beyonder yet.

After hesitating whether he should take the opportunity to confess to
his sister, he realized that it was impossible for him to escape from
Cordu. He might as well take the opportunity to search Madame Pualis's
house for clues. Lumian tersely acknowledged, "Will do," and reached out
to take his sister's suitcase. With two pieces of luggage in hand, he
headed for the door.

Aurore nodded in satisfaction and relief, but then she said in
puzzlement, "Your strength has increased. You're carrying it so easily."

She subconsciously wanted to raise her right hand and rub the sides of
her eyes, but Lumian had already left. She could only give up and
quickly follow.

On the way to the administrator's residence, many villagers saw Aurore
leaving with her luggage and asked about the situation curiously.

Aurore, who had a valid reason, was very calm about this.

On the other hand, Lumian came up with seven or eight stories to deal
with the different villagers: something about Aurore getting the Intis
Legion of Honor medal and going to Trier to be honored, something about
him being specially recruited by Trier Normal College and being able to
be matriculated, or something about Aurore going bankrupt from investing
in stocks with her creditors about to come knocking on her door, leaving
her with no choice but to flee to other places. The ignorant villagers
were stunned when they heard this, but thanks to Lumian's reputation,
they chose not to believe him after coming back to their senses.

Not long after, the siblings arrived in front of the black building that
had been transformed from an ancient castle.

Looking up at the two tall towers, Lumian smiled and said, "I wonder
what's inside. Aurore, have you ever been inside?"

"Why would I wander around someone else's house?" Aurore rolled her eyes
at her brother.

Lumian muttered softly, "I thought Madame Pualis would invite you to
tour the castle. Don't people like them like to show their guests their
big houses and precious collections?"

"What's there to see..." Aurore's voice became softer and softer as she
thought about how this would be of great help to her description of a
castle in her works. "Sigh, let's talk about it in the future. I wonder
if we can still return to Cordu."

She then led Lumian through the colorful garden towards the castle door.

After taking a few steps, Aurore slowed down and looked around. She
remarked in puzzlement, "The flowers in this garden bloomed very
early..."

Cordu Village was in the mountains, and there was a highlander pasture
nearby. Normally, the first wave of spring flowers would only appear in
mid-to-late April.

"Perhaps Madame Pualis's gardener has a special method," Lumian said. He
recalled that Madame Pualis was a Beyonder of an abnormal pathway and
suspected that this was related to some supernatural phenomenon, but he
couldn't say it out loud.

Aurore was just making an offhand remark, so she didn't think too deeply
about it. They arrived at the castle and received a warm welcome from
Madame Pualis.

The lady was wearing a blue corset dress today, and there was still a
diamond necklace inlaid with gold hanging over her chest. Her long brown
hair was half tied up, the rest cascading down, making her look even
younger than usual.

She sat on an armchair in the small living room and quietly listened to
Aurore's request. She smiled and said,

"You don't have to be so polite. We're friends."

*Heh...* Lumian mocked in his heart.

*Who would introduce crappy marriage partners to a friend?*

But he quickly saw Madame Pualis looking at him with a smile in her
bright brown eyes.

He suddenly recalled their previous conversation and felt uncomfortable.

"Alright," Aurore said helplessly.

Every time she borrowed a carriage, she would offer to pay for it, but
Madame Pualis would always refuse. So she would usually bring some gifts
for the lady on the way back, which were neither expensive nor cheap,
and also give the carriage driver a tip.

While waiting for the carriage driver to prepare, Madame Pualis invited
the siblings to taste some desserts made by her own chef.

Lumian tasted a muffin and looked around.

"Where's Monsieur Lund?"

Louis Lund was Administrator Béost's butler. He had followed him from
Dariège to Cordu Village.

Lumian had evidence that he had an affair with a woman in the village
and had sold some of the castle's items secretly. This was how he got
the news that Madame Pualis was the mistress of the padre.

Chancing upon the padre and Madame Pualis having an affair in the
cathedral? That was a lie for the foreigners!

At this moment, Lumian was looking for Louis Lund to curse him, saying,
*"You son of a bitch, why didn't you tell me that Madame Pualis is a
Warlock?"*

Madame Pualis sighed.

"Louis is sick. He's resting in his room."

*Sick?* For some reason, Lumian felt that there might be a
problem.

While his sister was chatting with Madame Pualis, he excused himself to
go to the washroom, walked out of the living room, and went straight to
the stairs.

This castle was huge, and the couple didn't bring many servants with
them. It looked empty everywhere, and one could even hear echoes when
walking in certain places. This gave Lumian better conditions to
infiltrate.

Relying on his powerful senses, he easily dodged a valet and a maid.
With light footsteps, he arrived at the second floor and found Louis
Lund's room.

He was in no hurry to knock. He turned his head and pressed his ear to
the wood.

"Ah!"

"Ah!"

___

Sounds of a man screaming in pain came from the room.

*Is he really sick? It sounds quite serious...* Lumian thought
for a moment and walked to the side. He opened the door of the other
servants---Administrator Béost and Madame Pualis lived on the third
floor.

After darting into the room, he gently closed the wooden door, took a
few steps to the other side, and pushed open the glass window.

Lumian looked down and saw that no one was around. He immediately
propped himself up with both hands and nimbly flipped over, "hanging" on
the outer wall of the castle.

Then, he leaped lightly like a wild cat and silently landed on Butler
Louis Lund's windowsill.

Lumian stood at the edge of the glass window, turned his body, and
secretly looked into the room.

He saw Louis Lund lying naked on the bed, his belly bulging, giving the
impression that he might burst at any moment.

Seeing that the butler's black hair was drenched in sweat and his face
was grimacing with pain, Lumian couldn't help but frown when he heard
his tragic cries from time to time.

*What kind of illness is this?*

*It looks scary. A stomach can actually grow so big...*

At this moment, a woman in her forties stood beside Louis Lund's bed.

She had brown hair and brown eyes. She was pretty and didn't have many
wrinkles. She wore a grayish-white dress and was shouting excitedly at
Louis Lund.

"Soon, soon."

*What's happening soon?* Just as this thought flashed through
Lumian's mind, he heard a scream and saw something holding up Louis
Lund's stomach.

In the blink of an eye, that spot had burst open. Louis Lund's stomach
had burst!

A small, bloody hand reached out.

"It's born! It's born!" The woman shouted happily.

She then leaned down and took out a wrinkled, dirty, and bloody baby
from Louis Lund's stomach.

Lumian was stunned.

"..."