---
category: Volume 1
discussion: 1551
index: 82
section: vol1
slug: 82
title: Dream Divination
---

## Chapter 82: Dream Divination

In the semi-subterranean two-story building, Lumian and Aurore quietly
consumed their belated lunch.

The mutton, which should have been succulent and tender, tasted utterly
bland on their palates.

Barely satiated, Lumian was about to clear the table when tinkling
sounds reached his ears.

"Leah and the others?" He glanced towards the door.

Aurore, too, sensed something. She set down her cutlery and fixed her
gaze upon the entrance.

Moments later, the doorbell chimed.

Without hesitation, Lumian abandoned his seat and strode towards the
door, peering at the visitors through the peephole.

It was indeed Leah, accompanied by the other two foreigners.

Valentine had finally changed his attire. Previously engulfed in flames
due to the Sufferer's aura, Madame Pualis had tended to his wounds, but
his scorched clothing was beyond repair.

Lumian swung the door open and greeted them with a warm smile.

"My cabbages, you already miss me?

"Oh, you actually can change clothes?"

Valentine had swapped his white vest, blue tweed jacket, and black
trousers for a yellow vest, black formal jacket, and dark pants. White
fabric flowers adorned Leah's white cashmere dress---one large and two
small---concealing signs of damage with impressive sewing skills. As for
Ryan, Lumian couldn't detect any difference in his outfit or evidence of
his previous injuries. Lumian suspected the man had packed at least two
identical sets of clothing.

"We've gathered information on those two matters," Ryan replied coolly,
his eyes hinting that details would follow once they were inside.

Lumian sought Aurore's approval before fully opening the door and
ushering the three investigators in.

This was the first time Ryan and his colleagues had met Aurore, and they
exchanged polite introductions.

"About the impending horoscope shift, and the villagers' supposed good
fortune, it's tentatively confirmed that the padre orchestrated the
rumors," Ryan revealed, wasting no time as they settled around the
dining table. "But I don't think it's that simple. The methods and
rhetoric resemble those of a village witch. Under normal circumstances,
the padre wouldn't devise such a scheme."

Village witches were part-time fortune-tellers who frequented small
towns and villages.

Aurore nodded thoughtfully.

"Could it be the influence of the deceased Warlock? Hmm, a way to lure
villagers into secretly worshiping the evil god."

"And they believed it so easily?" Valentine seethed.

His expression conveyed utter disbelief at the gullibility of Cordu's
inhabitants.

*It's all because believing in the Eternal Blazing Sun doesn't alleviate
their poverty, and they're still oppressed by the padre and the
administrator...* Aurore held her tongue, fearing a
confrontation with Valentine.

She could envision villagers experiencing tangible benefits from the
padre and his followers after turning to the evil god, such as reduced
contributions to the Eternal Blazing Sun or protection from Pons Bénet's
harassment. They could even scare their irritating neighbors using the
thug's name. In short, their lives would genuinely improve, giving them
hope and fueling their devotion.

Nevertheless, Aurore didn't condone their actions. While the government
and Church primarily sought money, the cults demanded lives.

Ignoring Valentine's question, Lumian 'helpfully' suggested, "You should
ask the villagers yourself and thoroughly investigate the cause of their
wavering faith. If you uncover the truth, I believe the papacy will hold
you in high regard."

The papacy referred to the Eternal Blazing Sun's pope, a title shared by
many church leaders. Lumian had recently learned this after perusing the
materials Aurore had procured.

Valentine fell silent, evidently intrigued.

Aurore shifted the focus to Ryan.

"Did you locate Sybil's husband, Jean Maury?"

Ryan glanced at Leah, prompting her to speak.

Leah nodded and said, "We infiltrated Jean Maury's residence and
obtained one of his belongings. Using this item, I performed a dream
divination."

*Dream divination...* Aurore nodded, unsurprised.

As Lumian recounted their exploration of the castle the day before,
Aurore had already pieced together their pathways and approximate
Sequences based on the performance of the three official investigators.

Clearly, Leah belonged to the more common Seer pathway in Intis.
Moreover, she wasn't a Sequence 9 Seer or Sequence 8 Clown, but at least
a Sequence 7 Magician. This could be inferred from her Beyonder powers
like Paper Figurine Substitutes and Damage Transfer, as well as her
skills in divination and acrobatics.

Aurore wasn't certain if Leah had reached Sequence 6, as her knowledge
of the pathway's subsequent stages was limited.

Valentine belonged to one of the main pathways controlled by the Eternal
Blazing Sun Church: the Sun. Likewise, he wasn't a Sequence 9 Bard or
Sequence 8 Light Suppliant. Aurore deduced from his Holy Light
Summoning, Holy Water Creation, and Sun Halo that he was a Sequence 7
Solar High Priest. Furthermore, he likely hadn't reached Sequence 6
Notary, as he hadn't displayed the corresponding abilities.

Ryan's Beyonder powers were uncommon in Intis; he was likely a Warrior.

This pathway was primarily controlled by the Church of the God of Combat
from the Feysac Empire in the north. However, in the past five to six
years, numerous Beyonders and Beyonder creatures of the Warrior pathway
had appeared in various countries.

Several members of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society had either
actively or passively chosen this pathway.

According to Aurore's knowledge, this was also known as the Giant
pathway. Sequence 9 was Warrior, Sequence 8 was Pugilist, and Sequence 7
was Weapon Master. Sequence 6 was a level that experienced a qualitative
shift compared to previous Sequences. They were called Dawn Paladins,
who possessed the strength of Giants and could create Sunrise Gleam in a
certain area to eliminate illusions and negative or evil energies.

They could also condense full-body armor known as Dawn and weapons they
were proficient with. Among them, the most potent was the two-handed
broadsword, the Sword of Dawn. With the Sword of Dawn, they could
unleash their Sequence's most powerful attack---Hurricane of Light. This
could annihilate the human body, exterminate vengeful spirits, and even
wound evil spirits.

Considering Ryan's performance, Aurore believed he was a Sequence 6 Dawn
Paladin, though he probably hadn't become a Sequence 5 Guardian yet.

Aurore had always felt that these three official investigators were on
par with her. Now, she realized that each of them was stronger than the
last. If she wasn't prepared, she wouldn't stand a chance in a
one-on-one battle.

It was well-known that in the official categorization, Sequence 9 and
Sequence 8 were considered Low-Sequence Beyonders. They had some unique
abilities compared to ordinary people, but their flaws were apparent.
Sequence 7 to Sequence 5 were Mid-Sequence, where they began to possess
extraordinary powers. Sequence 4 and above belonged to the demigod
domain, making them worthy of the title 'High-Sequence Beyonders.'

According to some members of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society
who had infiltrated official organizations, when dealing with ordinary
Beyonder matters, a team of one Mid-Sequence and two Low-Sequence
Beyonders would be assembled to carry out the first round of
investigations. They would then deploy more high-level forces depending
on the situation. This time, facing the anomalies in Cordu, the Intis
officials had sent three Mid-Sequence Beyonders. They weren't taking the
situation lightly.

However, even this joint investigation team didn't seem to be enough for
Cordu.

Aurore had shared all this information with Lumian, and the siblings
listened intently as Leah continued.

"In the dream divination, I saw Shepherd Pierre Berry. He emerged with a
few nails wrapped in hair and stuffed them into the hay," Leah described
the scene in the simplest terms.

*Haystacks... nails and hair...* Lumian instantly recalled his
discovery under the guidance of the three sheep.

He had also found some nails wrapped in hair in the haystack of the
Berrys' sheep pen.

He frowned and said, "Are those Jean Maury's nails and hair? Was he
killed by Shepherd Pierre Berry at the Berrys' place?"

Aurore nodded.

"Originally, the custom of hiding one's nails and hair outside the house
was to prevent it from affecting one's family horoscope and luck. It was
limited to family members with a bad reputation or who committed
suicide, as well as those who were murdered by their relatives. But
because Jean Maury was killed at the shepherd's house, Pierre Berry
still carefully cut off the other party's nails and took some hair to
hide in the haystack outside the house?"

"No wonder it was there before... That must be from their previous
victim. How many people have they killed in secret?" Lumian scoffed
under his breath. "At this point, he's still worried about messing up
his horoscope and luck?"

"Imbecile!" Valentine cursed aloud.

They had been briefed by Lumian earlier and knew about the three sheep,
the haystack, and the old folk customs they represented.

After discussing for a while and confirming they wouldn't try anything
else for now, Leah and the others bid Lumian and Aurore farewell and
returned to Ol' Tavern.

The siblings didn't mention their speculations at noon, afraid it might
deter the official investigators from cracking this case open from the
inside. After all, they could only be affected and might escape with
outside help.

After clearing the table and helping wipe it down, Lumian returned to
his room and lay on the bed.

With conflicting thoughts and many unanswered questions, sleep eluded
him for a long time. He relied on some meditation techniques to slowly
calm his mind and finally drifted off.

___

In the room shrouded in faint gray fog, Lumian opened his eyes and sat
up straight.

He lowered his gaze and looked at his chest. His vision seemed to cut
through the thin cotton shirt and flesh, allowing him to see the black
thorn tattoo and the bluish-black pattern underneath.

*Is this the root cause of this endless loop?* Lumian thought.

The black thorn symbol was at the heart of the issue, and the
bluish-black pattern brought protection from that ominous force,
allowing Cordu to be salvaged.

All of this could be traced back nearly six years.

Lumian remembered clearly that he had still been a street rat at the
time. He had barely survived by relying on seeming unthreatening due to
his young age and extreme ruthlessness.

Then, one day, he met a dying old man.

Maybe it was because he had picked up some street smarts, or maybe
because the old man reminded him of his only family, *Pépé*, who
had raised him until his early teens but sadly passed on, Lumian chose
to lend a hand.

Though he ultimately failed to save the old man's life, Lumian still
sent him to the crematorium and buried him in a public grave.

He had found the bluish-black symbol on the old man's corpse during
this. From then on, he often dreamed of the vast expanse of gray fog.

His luck also turned sour, and he began struggling to scavenge enough
food. Thankfully, he met Aurore not long after.