---
category: Volume 1
discussion: 1566
index: 97
section: vol1
slug: 97
title: Courage
---

## Chapter 97: Courage

Lumian slumped to the ground, gasping for breath. He could barely muster
the strength to move a finger.

Silently, he observed the crimson flames flickering on the ground, their
intensity gradually diminishing until they snuffed out.

During this time, Lumian managed to lean forward and grab the Fallen
Mercury with his left hand, while his right hand tightly gripped the
iron-black axe, ready for any unexpected threats.

His focus was unwavering, and he remained on high alert.

Inwardly, he prayed to the Eternal Blazing Sun and the unknown, great
being, hoping They would shield him from harm.

In his current state, even a mundane foe like the skinless monster could
easily take him down, let alone the possibility of the flaming creature
reviving itself unexpectedly.

As time ticked by, Lumian's spirituality and stamina gradually improved,
but his injuries only worsened, leaving him disoriented and unfocused.

Hunters need to be cautious, level-headed, and patient---capable of
using their environment to their advantage. Above all, they require
courage.

Courage to confront the unexpected, to persevere in the face of crisis,
to steel oneself when escape seems impossible, and to find a path out of
the jaws of death...

Distracted by these thoughts, Lumian suddenly felt as if the Hunter
potion coursing through him had been fully absorbed.

It was as if a barrier had shattered, and a tiny spark had merged with
every fiber of his being.

All traces of Lumian's loss of control vanished, and his condition
immediately improved.

Slowly, he rose to his feet and heaved a quiet sigh.

*I've actually digested it...*

This meant he was ready for the next potion.

Lumian, clutching the pewter-black dirk in his bandaged left hand,
scanned his surroundings. Occasionally, he fixated on the flaming
monster's remains, patiently awaiting the appearance of the Beyonder
characteristics.

Unlike the shotgun monster's swift transformation, Lumian waited for
half an hour. He wondered if the flaming monster still lived and whether
he should strike it a few more times.

Finally, on the verge of collapsing from his injuries, red sparks burst
forth from the monster's body.

Like fireflies, they swarmed around the corpse before gradually
coalescing into a scarlet object resembling a heart.

The "heart" pulsed, its surface pocked with countless tiny holes, from
which indistinct flames seeped.

Is this the main ingredient for the Pyromaniac potion? Lumian mused,
reaching down to pick it up.

A searing pain radiated from his palm straight to his mind, making him
instinctively want to fling the "heart" away to escape the agony.

Luckily, Lumian's skin had been numbed by the flaming monster's burns,
allowing him to barely tolerate the relatively minor pain.

He tried wrapping the "heart" in a strip of cloth, but it instantly
incinerated the fabric, reducing it to ashes.

After a moment's thought, Lumian set the Beyonder ingredient on the
ground, wrapped the Fallen Mercury in the remaining black cloth, and
secured it at his waist.

Next, he emptied the contents of the cloth bag containing the lead
bullets into his pocket.

He then filled the bag halfway with soil from the area before tossing in
the flame-wreathed heart.

But Lumian didn't stop there. He continued shoveling soil into the bag
until the "heart" was entirely encased in layers of inflammable earth.

Exhaling, he carried the bag to the edge of the ruins, pondering a newly
discovered problem.

*I'm only a Sequence 9, and this is the main ingredient for the
corresponding Sequence 7 Pyromaniac. I can't just advance to Sequence 7,
can I?*

*This will make me lose control!*

*I initially thought the flaming monster would yield a Pyromaniac,
Provoker, and Hunter Beyonder characteristic, but it's all mixed
together...*

Uncertain of what to do, Lumian stumbled away.

Miraculously, he didn't encounter a single monster on his way back. In
his weakened state, any confrontation would have spelled disaster. His
only hope was to rely on his keen observation and sharp senses to detect
danger early and avoid it.

After an indeterminate amount of time, Lumian exited the dream ruins and
traversed the barren wilderness, arriving back at his semi-subterranean
two-story dwelling.

Laboriously, he climbed to the second floor and removed the Fallen
Mercury, the cloth bag with the Pyromaniac ingredient, and the
iron-black axe. He placed them on the bedside table or tossed them to
the floor before staggering to the full-length mirror embedded in the
wardrobe.

In the mirror, Lumian saw his ghostly pale face, marred by flame scars
and faint silver-black patches on his skin.

His blue eyes flickered with an illusory silvery hue, entwined with
darkness.

This was a sign that he had sustained severe injuries and nearly lost
control.

If not for his home-field advantage in the dream ruins or the
acquisition of Fallen Mercury and Invisibility, Lumian would have had no
chance of defeating the flaming monster.

Munching on jerky and cheese to stave off the intense hunger left by his
possession, he collapsed onto the bed.

He desperately needed to return to reality and rest for a while,
allowing his body to recover swiftly.

___

Sunlight pierced through the curtains, casting the bedroom in a soft
glow that highlighted Aurore's desk, cluttered with reference materials,
reading notebooks, and stacks of manuscripts. It also illuminated a
wardrobe filled with dresses and an exquisite full-body mirror.

Lumian opened his eyes to meet his sister's light-blue gaze.

Aurore watched him stir, her voice laced with concern. "How was it? Is
everything alright?"

She knew that her brother had ventured into the dream ruins to hunt the
flaming monster this time.

"I succeeded." Lumian sat up, his head feeling foggy. His skin tingled,
and his bones threatened to snap.

But compared to the excruciating pain that had nearly killed him in the
dream, this was nothing.

He lowered his gaze to examine his body. Red, swollen patches covered
his skin, as if he were suffering from an allergic reaction.

"That's good..." Aurore sighed with relief. "An hour ago, you twitched
all over and kicked me awake."

Lumian laughed, self-deprecating.

"It was indeed dangerous back then. I almost lost control."

"I was hesitant to wake you up, but you quickly calmed down and didn't
scare me anymore," Aurore said, visibly relieved.

Lumian's heart stirred. "And you just kept looking at me?"

"That's right." Aurore nodded calmly. "If anything happens, I have to
shake you awake and bring you back to reality. You can't die in your
dreams."

Lumian suddenly felt the pain, struggle, and fear of nearly dying in his
dream dissipate, replaced by a warm current surging from the depths of
his heart.

He asked, almost without thinking, "You didn't wake up because I kicked
you, did you? You haven't slept at all, have you?"

Aurore smiled and said, "That was my original plan, but considering how
long you'd have to wait for that monster, and how I just finished my
night duty, if I didn't catch up on sleep, I'd definitely be in a daze
later. It'd be easy for me to make a mistake and not wake you up in
time.

"So, I decided to put my hand on you and take the chance to catch some
shut-eye.

"This way, I'd be able to sense any movement and wake up quickly. Heh
heh, I was indeed kicked by you!"

As she spoke, she pointed at her right calf, where a visible bruise had
formed.

Before Lumian could respond, she asked, "Tell me the details."

Suppressing his voice, Lumian recounted his ordeal, describing how he
set up the trap, ambushed the monster, and how his clothes caught fire.
Unable to turn invisible, he had no choice but to flee into the basement
and fully activate the black thorn symbol with Cogitation.

Aurore listened intently, her expression occasionally betraying her
worry for her brother's perilous situation. She was the kind of person
who easily immersed herself in stories.

As the tale drew to a close, Lumian raised a question.

"How do I separate Provoker from the Pyromaniac Beyonder
characteristic?"

He didn't know where to find the potion formula.

Aurore thought for a moment and said, "I don't know how to separate
them. I've only heard that you might need the help of a high-level
Beyonder for such a situation."

"A demigod?" Lumian guessed.

There were probably only three people he knew who had reached Sequence
4: the enigmatic lady, Madame Pualis, and the one lying in the coffin in
the tomb.

Aurore nodded.

"I think so. Actually, you don't have to worry. I suspect the mysterious
lady will come to you soon and provide some help. She always appears at
critical points in your growth. This time should be no exception. After
all, the loop hasn't been resolved and the secret of the dream ruins
remains locked away."

"Go to Ol' Tavern to find her?" Lumian frowned.

Their agreement with Ryan and the others was to avoid going out as much
as possible.

Aurore tersely acknowledged his words.

"Let's wait a while. She might visit us directly."

Aurore sighed and said, "For ordinary Beyonders, the potion formula
isn't a problem, but you're different. There's corruption sealed in your
body, and you can lose control if there's the slightest issue. You still
need a complete and correct Provoker potion formula."

"Why don't ordinary Beyonders need potion formulas?" Lumian asked,
surprised.

Aurore explained, "It's not that they don't need them, but anyone below
Sequence 7 can advance just by consuming the main ingredient."

"Doesn't that risk losing control?" Lumian asked, astonished.

Aurore acknowledged tersely.

"Years ago, there was a high chance of losing control. But recently,
Sequence 9 and Sequence 8 Beyonder characteristics can indeed be
consumed directly. However, it's about 20 to 30% more dangerous than
concocting a potion.

"Right, that's the conclusion reached by our president, Gandalf."

*Why?* Just as Lumian was about to ask, a familiar song echoed
from outside the house.

The siblings exchanged solemn glances.

Lent had begun, and the Spring Elf entourage had reached them.