---
category: Volume 1
discussion: 1568
index: 99
section: vol1
slug: 99
title: Guest
---

## Chapter 99: Guest

Instantly, Lumian tensed up.

He spun around and returned to the bed, scooping up Fallen Mercury with
his bandaged left hand.

Grabbing his shotgun, he strode to the bedroom window while the doorbell
continued to ring. He scrutinized the entrance.

There was no one there!

In that moment, Lumian's heart felt like it was about to seize.

He intended to activate his Spirit Vision for a better look.

Since he would hear the maddening and terrifying sound and show signs of
losing control after entering Cogitation for a few seconds in the dream
ruins, he couldn't use this ability smoothly. It took him a while to
complete the corresponding operation.

However, even with his Spirit Vision activated, he still didn't notice
anyone at the door.

Yet, the doorbell rang incessantly.

As his thoughts raced, Lumian seriously considered returning to bed,
forcing himself to sleep and escape the dream.

But he felt that even if he returned to reality, he might not be able to
evade the subsequent attack, considering the unknown danger that could
invade his semi-subterranean two-story building at any moment.

Two scenarios:

*If the person ringing the doorbell can enter, going to bed is as good
as surrendering.*

*If they can't enter, I'll be safe as long as I don't open the door
myself.*

*Regardless, I must go downstairs and take a look...*

Lumian made up his mind quickly.

He sheathed Fallen Mercury at his waist, clipped his axe, and hoisted
his shotgun. He stepped out of the room and cautiously descended the
stairs.

Upon reaching the first floor, a figure came into view.

At the six-person dining table sat the enigmatic woman Lumian had been
searching for.

She wore a white blouse with a large bow at the collar and loose
pearl-gray pants. Her casual attire was deceptively elegant.

She sipped a pale-golden drink, a short black hat beside her.

Lumian relaxed and approached the mysterious woman with brown hair and
blue eyes.

He set the shotgun and axe aside, pulled out a chair opposite the dining
table, and sat down. He asked, "You can enter here?"

The woman set her glass down and smiled.

"How else do you think those materials were delivered to your room?"

As she spoke, the jingling sound ceased.

Lumian glanced at the door, puzzled.

"Since you're already inside, why were you still ringing the doorbell?"

She smiled and replied, "That's basic courtesy."

*Courtesy that can scare people to death?* Lumian dared only to
mutter inwardly.

He got straight to the point.

"I've obtained the Pyromaniac Beyonder ingredient. Uh, it should be
Pyromaniac."

The woman nodded gently.

"I know. That's why I came to see you."

"Are you willing to help me separate the Provoker Beyonder
characteristics and give me the corresponding potion formula?" Lumian
suppressed his sudden joy and asked, "I was planning on finding you at
Ol' Tavern."

As for the price he would have to pay, he no longer cared.

The lady smiled and said, "With Cordu's current situation, it's very
dangerous for you to go out, so I came here directly. I can indeed
provide the help you want, but it won't be free this time."

Lumian noticed that indecipherable emotion in the woman's eyes again,
but the notion that it was no longer free reassured him.

The unknown was even more terrifying.

"What is the price I need to pay?" he asked without hesitation.

She replied calmly, "The separated Pyromaniac and Hunter Beyonder
characteristics belong to me."

*That simple? *Lumian was surprised.

He didn't even think of it as a price. After all, he wouldn't be able to
use the Pyromaniac Beyonder characteristics for a long time.

She continued, "In addition to the help I originally provided, if
there's any more in the future---if there's a future for you---you have
to do something for me."

Lumian sensed the inscrutable emotion in her eyes intensify.

He probed, "What if I don't?"

She laughed.

"Isn't it common for investments to fail? Didn't your sister lose some
money buying stocks with divination?"

"What do you need me to do?" Lumian asked without hesitation.

She sighed softly.

"Let's talk about it if you can survive.

"Alright, give me the Beyonder characteristic you obtained."

Lumian rose and headed for the stairs leading to the second floor.

He barely restrained himself from sprinting up the staircase. When she
could no longer see him, he dashed.

Soon, Lumian returned to the first floor with the cloth bag containing
the Pyromaniac Beyonder characteristic and approached the dining table.

The woman raised her glass again and sipped the pale-gold liquid.

"What's this?" Lumian asked casually.

She explained simply, "It's an aperitif from Trier called Black Poca.
It's brewed from ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves soaked in sweet
wine for a long time. It tastes pretty good."

Having raised the topic merely to build rapport, Lumian didn't pry
further. He opened the cloth bag and extracted the burning heart from
the soil.

A scorching sensation seared his palm. Enduring the mild pain, he leaned
forward and handed the Beyonder characteristic to the woman across the
dining table.

She extended her left palm and let the "heart" hover in midair.

She glanced at Lumian and chuckled.

"When storing Beyonder characteristics in the future, remember to change
their environment every once in a while. If such a thing comes into
contact with something for too long, it's very likely to fuse with it
and become a mystical item that needs to be sealed."

*Is that so...* Lumian asked, "How often do I need to make a
change?"

"Normally, it takes two to three days," the woman said nonchalantly,
"but accidents do happen. I recommend switching environments every 24
hours. With proper sealing and preservation, it could last months or
even years. Also, if you've already mixed Beyonder ingredients into a
potion, drink it as soon as possible. Otherwise, the liquid might merge
with the bottle."

As she spoke, a sudden flash enveloped her body, and the burning "heart"
transformed into countless red fireflies.

The fireflies danced and swirled, coalescing into three distinct
objects.

One was a dark-red, springy, textured object. Another was a shrunken
version of the burning heart, now missing numerous holes. The last was a
black stone with a liquid-like surface and a potent odor.

The woman's right palm caressed the three objects, causing two to vanish
into thin air.

All that remained on the dining table was the dark "rock," about half
the size of a fist.

"Is this the Provoker Beyonder characteristic?" Lumian asked eagerly.

The woman produced a post-it note and a silver fountain pen, scribbling
down the potion formula, then reminded him, "You still lack mystical
knowledge. After killing the monster, you only took the Beyonder
characteristic.

"Such Beyonder creatures are rich in spirituality. Many of their parts
can be used to make charms, lotions, and ingredients for certain spells
and rituals. For example, its blood is a supplementary ingredient for
the Pyromaniac potion.

"Although the Pyromaniac potion requires Fire Salamander blood, the
monster's blood will do. It's essentially the same, and the effects
might even be better."

The more Lumian listened, the more regretful he became.

Although Aurore's adventure novels included scenes of hunting monsters
and harvesting parts, he hadn't connected this to reality. He believed
the flaming monster's only value was its Beyonder characteristic.

And now, retrieving it was impossible---the blood would have dried by
now!

The woman ignored his reaction, tearing off the top note and letting it
float toward Lumian.

Lumian grabbed it and read the words eagerly.

"Provoker potion formula:

"Main ingredient: One Provoker Beyonder characteristic;

"Supplementary ingredients: 50 milliliters of distilled liquor, 10 drops
of honeysuckle extract, 5 grams of grapevine powder, 10 grams of fern
powder;

"Usage: Drink it directly."

After finishing, Lumian asked, puzzled, "There aren't any materials rich
in spirituality..."

Like the Fire Salamander's blood.

She smiled and replied, "Different potions have different requirements.
Yours mainly relies on symbolic mysticism.

"For example, ferns symbolize being 'easily influenced by others.' This
aligns with the essence of a Provoker."

*So, a Provoker needs to sway others with their words?* Lumian
tucked the note away, pondering where he might find the supplementary
ingredients.

Distilled liquor was available at home; Aurore used it in certain
dishes. Grapevines and ferns were abundant in Dariège, though venturing
out might be risky. The only item left was honeysuckle---he'd have to
ask Aurore if she had any among her spell-casting supplies...

When Lumian looked up again, the woman across from him, along with the
black short hat and the Black Poca aperitif, had disappeared.

He hadn't even noticed when she'd left.

This despite the fact that his Spirit Vision hadn't been deactivated the
entire time.

*Phew.* Lumian exhaled and headed back to the bedroom, clutching
the Provoker Beyonder characteristic and the potion formula,
anticipation swelling within him.

He quickly lay down on the bed, intending to return to reality and
consult Aurore, hoping to gather the additional ingredients by
nightfall.

He didn't care that his Spirit Vision was still active; it would
deactivate on its own once he fell asleep.

___

In the dead of night, Lumian opened his eyes and glanced over at Aurore.

He couldn't wait to share the news of acquiring the Provoker potion
formula with his sister.

Yet, almost simultaneously, he spotted Aurore's mouth open slightly, a
hazy, translucent figure emerging.

It was a bizarre, lizard-like creature!

Lumian's gaze locked in place. As the ethereal lizard surveyed its
surroundings, he instinctively shut his eyes.

The "lizard" darted its gaze around before quickly scurrying away from
Aurore's mouth and exiting the room.

Lumian reopened his eyes, staring at his sister in bewilderment.

Aurore's face was shrouded in darkness.

Her mouth hung slightly open as she slumbered peacefully.

Lumian observed her, motionless, as if he'd become a statue.

In the thick of night, his heart sank further into despair.