---
category: Volume 1
discussion: 1573
index: 104
section: vol1
slug: 104
title: Resolute Decision
---

## Chapter 104: Resolute Decision

Upon seeing Lumian's blatant shock, Guillaume Bénet straightened up with
satisfaction and said to Pons Bénet, "Keep an eye on him!"

With that, the padre strode towards the altar.

As he left, the villagers around them seemed to come alive, engaging in
animated conversations.

"The horoscope is about to change."

"Our good fortune is coming!"

"It won't be long before we're wealthy!"

"When the time comes, I'll drink a bottle of wine every day and eat a
pound of meat every meal!"

"I want to find a beautiful woman."

"I'm going to watch a play."

"..."

Lumian's mind was a whirlwind, and he barely noticed when Guillaume
Bénet departed.

The padre's words were like a boulder tossed into a placid lake, sending
ripples through Lumian's thoughts.

*How is that possible?*

*In the previous cycle, I killed him because he didn't understand what
made me special!*

*Back then, I didn't even know what was so special about myself. It was
natural for him not to know... After that battle, he didn't have any
conflicts with me in the subsequent cycles until Aurore began acting
strangely...*

*But he didn't seem to know about the loop at all. The cursing he did
when I led the rest to catch him in the adulterous act, him being
knocked out by Leah after we infiltrated the cathedral, and being spied
upon by Aurore using White Paper didn't seem fake at all!*

*If he was putting on an act, his level of restraint would be
bone-chilling...*

*Moreover, he knows that Madame Pualis retains her memories in the loop
and might know something about the abnormalities in the castle. Yet he
still had an affair with Madame Pualis at the beginning of each loop,
allowing no one to suspect him.*

*If it were me, I wouldn't even have desires after finding out what
Madame Pualis had done, let alone sleep with her!*

The more Lumian pondered, the more he found the padre terrifying. This
fear was unlike the terror he felt from Madame Pualis.

Questions swarmed his mind:

*Why didn't the padre with his memories sacrifice the three sheep from
the beginning and obtain the corresponding boon to take full control of
Cordu? Why didn't he complete the twelfth night ritual on the first
day?*

*This could have prevented any accidents!*

*What was he waiting for? The sacrificial ritual only takes place near
Lent every time...*

*Does that ritual have a date and time requirement?*

*The Lent celebration is an integral part of the twelfth night's ritual.
So, the padre will only have a chance to advance the subsequent ritual
after Lent is over?*

*But he could just control everyone from the beginning and wait for Lent
to arrive...*

*Also, didn't the hidden existence find it odd that they prayed for a
boon twice across three cycles? Yes, He might have done something, like
helping the padre recover his memories!*

*No, if their sacrificial ritual had truly been completed, the three
sheep wouldn't have entered the loop again. Their spirits and Beyonder
characteristics should have gone to the hidden existence.*

*Could it be that, like Reimund, the spirits gathered around the altar
and didn't escape the loop?*

*Who were the padre and the others praying to, and who bestowed their
power...*

As Lumian considered this, he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his lower
body.

He instinctively curled up, but the ropes binding him prevented the
motion.

Pons Bénet pulled his foot back from between Lumian's legs, smirking as
beads of cold sweat formed on the young man's forehead. Lumian couldn't
even make a sound.

He squatted down, raised his right hand, and slapped Lumian.

"Did you enjoy zat? Tell me, did you enjoy it?"

Without waiting for Lumian's response, he swung his arm and slapped the
right side of his face, causing his ears to ring. Lumian felt like his
head might fly off.

Seeing Lumian being beaten by Pons Bénet, Reimund's father, Pierre Greg,
approached and squatted down. He sighed and said, "Bear with it. Just
endure it for a while. Our fortunes are about to change. Good luck is on
its way. If you leave now, you'll miss the opportunity!"

Ignoring Lumian's reaction, he repeated the same words, trying to
persuade and console him.

Lumian paid no attention to Pierre Greg. He gazed at Pons Bénet without
anger, as if he were looking at empty air.

He completely disregarded him, ignoring the pain and humiliation this
villain had inflicted upon him.

Only one thought occupied his mind:

*The situation is dire!*

*Ryan, Leah, and Valentine are unlikely to trigger the loop and restart
everything prematurely before confirming the padre's intentions.
Besides, they just fought; who knows when they'll recover. They probably
won't sneak back to the village until tomorrow or the day
after.*

*This way, no one can stop the padre from conducting the ritual in
advance tonight...*

*Slap, slap, slap.* Pons Bénet continued slapping Lumian's face
and kicking his lower body, intensifying the pain he endured.

Lumian's thoughts were repeatedly interrupted by pain as he stubbornly
tried to focus, refusing to waste even a second on Pons Bénet.

This only infuriated Pons Bénet further, causing him to strike even
harder.

*My specialness has already been discovered and targeted. They won't
give me a chance to disrupt the ritual...*

*What should I do...*

*What can I do?*

Lumian endured the pain and searched for a way to escape his current
predicament.

Pons grew tired from beating him up. He stopped and panted.

"If ze padre hadn't forbidden me from killing you, I would've sliced off
your flesh piece by piece, including what's down below!"

Hearing this, Lumian was taken aback as an idea flashed through his
mind.

*Kill me?*

*Kill me!*

He suddenly raised his head and glared at Pons Bénet, his face contorted
into a twisted smile born of pain.

"Is that all you've got? Are you using that pathetic little knife of
yours to pick lice for me?"

He fully embraced his role as a Sequence 8 Provoker.

___

In the alpine meadow nearest to Cordu.

Ryan, clad in tattered armor, stood guard at the entrance and asked
Valentine and Leah, "How do you feel?"

"I'm fine," Valentine responded immediately.

Leah added, "My spirituality has almost recovered."

Ryan nodded and dissolved the Dawn Armor.

"After I rest and recover a bit, we'll return to Cordu."

"Now?" Leah sounded surprised.

They hadn't been gone from Cordu for long.

Ryan exhaled slowly and said, "We need to find out as soon as possible
why Guillaume Bénet's group attacked us tonight and not on the twelfth
night. Besides, they captured Lumian and Aurore, but they didn't pursue
us. Experience tell me that something's off."

Leah nodded slowly. "But we're not in the best shape."

After all, they had just fought a massive battle.

"That's why Guillaume Bénet doesn't expect us to return to Cordu
tonight," Ryan explained. "Also, we left that item at Lumian and
Aurore's house. We have to retrieve it as soon as possible. We can't let
Guillaume Bénet and the others get their hands on it."

Valentine and Leah's expressions turned grave at the mention of that
item.

They agreed to Ryan's plan.

___

*Pa!*

Pons Bénet slapped Lumian's face again, making his nose throb. Two
streams of bright red blood flowed down to his mouth, bringing with them
a foul and salty taste.

"How about zis?" Pons Bénet asked with a smile.

Lumian studied his expression and actions, realizing that his words
hadn't had the desired effect.

He sniffed his blood-filled nose and replied with a smile, "Any other
woman could hurt me more than you!"

"Is zat so?" Pons Bénet's expression darkened.

With a slap, he struck Lumian's mouth, sending two of his teeth flying
with blood.

Relying on Provoker's insight and his experience at pranking, Lumian
acutely sensed that Pons Bénet's reaction was different this time.

Familiar with all sorts of scandals and rumors in Cordu, Lumian vaguely
thought of something and grinned.

"You don't seem to have a mistress."

His mouth was swollen from the slap, and two of his teeth were missing.
His words came out slightly muffled.

Hearing the word "mistress," Pons Bénet's expression shifted subtly as
he kicked Lumian's groin.

Lumian nearly blacked out from the pain. He couldn't speak for a few
seconds.

Forcing a smile, he said with a boisterous laugh, "And the padre's
mistresses are all over the village. Can't get it up?"

Pons Bénet's expression instantly darkened.

Lumian knew he had guessed right.

He endured the pain, his eyes narrowing.

He hadn't dared use Provocation earlier, fearing that he would be
discovered if he used it too often. Now was the time!

Lumian laughed out loud.

"Did the padre sleep with your wife too? Are all your children his?"

Pons Bénet's eyes turned bloodshot.

He suddenly reached out and grabbed Lumian's neck, yelling with all his
might, "Why don't you just die!"

Lumian heard a cracking sound from his neck and found it difficult to
breathe.

Yet, he wasn't afraid. Instead, the corners of his mouth curled up as he
calmly awaited the excruciating pain and inevitable death.

He had done his best to enrage Pons Bénet so that he would kill him.

Once he died, the loop would be triggered, and everything would restart
immediately. Everything would return to the beginning, leaving room for
recovery!

Not only had Lumian considered provoking Valentine to commit suicide to
verify the nature of the loop, but he had also thought of sacrificing
his own life in an emergency!

Compared to the current situation, what was there to fear?

He gazed at Pons Bénet, whose expression was vicious, and his purple
lips quivered as if to say: "Please, kill me quickly."