---
category: Volume 1
discussion: 1578
index: 109
section: vol1
slug: 109
title: Minute Hope
---

## Chapter 109: Minute Hope

Days earlier, beneath the crimson "peak," adjacent to the warped "city
wall."

Lumian knelt on the ground, gazing up at the enigmatic woman as she
approached.

Her words echoed in his ears, only to gradually grow muffled.

Lumian's hands pressed against the ground, clenching the soil as if
attempting to crush it into liquid.

As the mysterious woman halted about a meter away, he scrambled to his
feet, anxiety gripping his voice, "Didn't you say there's still hope?
Didn't you claim Aurore and the others could be saved if I broke out of
the loop myself?"

His voice grew hoarser with each word.

The enigmatic woman remained silent, her eyes filled with pity as she
gazed at him.

Lumian hesitated before asking, hope lacing his words, "There's still
hope, right?

"That's not just a fleeting dream. During my discussion with Aurore, she
spoke of things I had never heard of---like how the description of an
honorific name can hint at two separate entities!"

His eyes locked onto the woman, fear and hope battling as he scrutinized
her every move.

At last, she nodded.

"There is indeed hope."

Lumian's eyes brightened, waiting for her to elaborate.

In a gentle voice, the woman explained, "In truth, Aurore has already
died, but mystically, she's not entirely gone.

"Do you recall the soft, faint sounds you hear from within your body
each time you perform the Summoning Dance? Do you remember the light
fragments from Aurore and the others that flew into your chest on the
twelfth night ritual?"

"Are those their Spirit Bodies, their voices?" Lumian interrupted,
eagerness filling his voice.

The woman responded, a mix of calm and pity, "They can only be
considered soul fragments.

"At the end of the twelfth night, you became a conduit for the hidden
entity to unleash its horrifying power. The surrounding believers,
including the soul fragments of the sacrifice, were absorbed by you.
Guillaume Bénet, who led the ritual, was the sole exception.

"Later, those soul fragments and the potent corruptive power were sealed
in the left side of your chest by my lord.

"That's why, as you became increasingly 'awake' in your dreams and
sensed the date and loop more clearly, Aurore and the other villagers
seem more and more lifelike. They even displayed a degree of
self-awareness and cognition.

"To truly awaken from the dream and restrain the looping power consuming
the ruins, you had to rely on yourself. You had to find the courage to
confront the pain, face the truth, and chase after the elusive hope.

"If I were to resolve it, there's only one option: to completely
annihilate you and the ruins of Cordu. Otherwise, the corruption within
you will seep out uncontrollably, and Aurore and the others will truly
perish in the realm of mysticism."

As the mysterious woman mentioned the twelfth-night ritual, Lumian
couldn't help but remember.

A sharp pain stabbed his head, and only a few images surfaced.

Aurore, with vacant eyes, shoved him away from the altar.

Beams of light burst from Aurore and the villagers, spiraling into the
vortex on his chest.

Guillaume Bénet, the padre, revealed a shocked expression as he fled the
altar.

Beyond that, Lumian couldn't recall anything else. Only the events
within the dream were clear, as if some force prevented him from
remembering the rest.

His face contorted, his body trembling.

"I-I can't remember much..."

The woman nodded.

"That's normal. Firstly, it's a subconscious self-protection to prevent
an overload of painful memories and intense scenes from causing you to
collapse and lose control. Secondly, there are things you haven't
witnessed and don't know the truth about. I don't know either.

"Yes, I'll need you to do something in Trier eventually. There are one,
no, two exceptional psychologists I know there. I can arrange an
appointment for you and see who's available to treat you. They can help
you remember more and reconstruct the events in Cordu as much as
possible."

Lumian's emotions roiled as he listened, but all he could muster was a
soft, "Thank you..."

Fists clenched, he asked anxiously, "Then what can I do to bring Aurore
and the others back?"

The woman sighed, admitting, "I don't know either."

Seeing Lumian's eyes darken, she added, "But you have to believe that
true miracles exist in this world.

"And the great existence I mentioned earlier is synonymous with
Miracle."

Despair and hope swelled in Lumian's heart.

Though he knew the mysterious woman before him was likely offering
comfort and hope, he couldn't help but say, "You said that once I
unlocked the secret of the dream, you'd tell me the honorific name of
that great existence."

Her expression grew solemn, her tone serious.

"I'll tell you now. Remember it well.

"His honorific name is: The Fool that doesn't belong to this era, the
mysterious ruler above the gray fog; the King of Yellow and Black who
wields good luck."

As she spoke, Lumian felt his consciousness slipping, as if he could see
a thin gray fog and a looming castle above it.

A gaze weighed upon him.

Simultaneously, the entire village of Cordu shuddered as the thin fog
engulfing the area receded rapidly.

By the time Lumian regained clarity, sunlight had already filtered
through the sky, casting golden specks upon the crimson mountain peak
and desolate earth.

Lumian recalled the three lines of the honorific name and his
conversation with Aurore in his dream.

He winced, a bitter smile forming as he said, "I thought there'd be a
description of the past, present, and future."

The enigmatic woman in the orange dress tersely acknowledged his remark.

"There should be another one in the future, but if I use a description
other than the three lines to pray to Him now, I can't guarantee the
response will be from Him.

"You should know that such a situation is very dangerous."

Silent for a few seconds, Lumian then asked, a glint of hope in his
eyes, "If I work diligently for you, can I eventually summon that great
being to resurrect Aurore?"

"That's one way," the woman said softly. "You can also explore other
methods. I won't stop you. I'm merely reminding you that many
resurrection techniques have grave flaws."

Lumian nodded, signaling his understanding.

He didn't dare to inquire, yet couldn't help but ask, "Is there a
significant chance of resurrection?"

The enigmatic woman glanced at him and sighed.

"It's very, very slim, but I know you'll still pursue it."

Lumian pressed his lips together, remaining silent.

It wasn't that he didn't want to assure her he'd do everything in his
power to find a way to bring Aurore back, but he feared that speaking
would reveal the sorrow surging within his heart.

After a few seconds, he asked in a raspy voice, "What do you need me to
do in Trier?"

"Join a covert organization and help me gather some intel," the woman
replied simply. "I'll tell you how to contact them once you're in
Trier."

She added, "Besides uncovering the truth from your memories, you can
also look into the 'survivors' of this catastrophe."

"Survivors?" Lumian's eyes narrowed.

The woman nodded.

"Besides you, there are five others: Madame Pualis, Béost, Louis Lund,
Cathy, who left Cordu before the twelfth night, and Guillaume Bénet, who
was protected by the ritual as its host. They escaped before this place
was completely destroyed."

"The padre is still alive?" Lumian's lips curled up.

The enigmatic lady locked eyes with him and said, "If my divination is
accurate, they should be hiding somewhere in Trier."

"Very good." Lumian smiled, wiping the corners of his eyes.

The woman then looked at Ryan, Leah, and Valentine, who slept near the
room's edge on the thorny city wall, and asked Lumian, "What do you plan
to do with them?

"If they leave alive, you'll undoubtedly be hunted by Bureau 8,
Machinery Hivemind, and the Inquisition.

"From now on, you can only hide. You'll never live openly under the sun.
You'll be forever accompanied by darkness, filth, and danger."

Lumian glanced at Ryan and the others, chuckling hoarsely.

"Will killing them bring Aurore back?"

The woman shook her head.

"No."

Lumian scoffed, bowing his head with his eyes closed.

Soon, he looked up and asked, "What's the name of the organization I'm
about to join? How should I contact you once I'm in Trier?"

The woman sighed faintly.

"I'll tell you when the time comes.

"I'll give you my messenger's summoning method and the corresponding
medium later. Contact me through that."

Lumian fell quiet for a moment before posing another question. "Did I
possess the power to trap Cordu in a loop?"

"Strictly speaking, you didn't. At least not before receiving the Circle
Inhabitant boon," the woman explained casually. "This place is corrupted
by that hidden being everywhere, and the power level sealed in your left
chest is quite high. Therefore, when your emotions fluctuate and you're
in a subconscious state, you can mobilize the corresponding specialness
to reset this place." She paused, adding, "However, you've always been
physically in a loop.

"The corruption sealed within your body allows you to reset your form at
6 a.m. every day and return to 6 a.m. on the twelfth night. Only changes
brought about by Beyonder characteristics and boons are retained."

*Is this the real reason why I recover every time I wake up from
injuries in the ruins? No wonder I didn't starve to death...*
Lumian immediately understood.

He glanced at his body, a self-deprecating smile forming.

"It'll always be that day..."

That nightmarish day.

Without waiting for the woman's response, he looked up and asked, "How
should I address you?"

She smiled, beginning to reply, "You can call me..."

Before she could finish, cards suddenly danced in the air.

Each card bore a unique pattern, fluttering towards Lumian.

Instinctively, Lumian extended his right hand, attempting to catch some
of the cards.

At that moment, most of the cards vanished, leaving just one.

The card gently settled in Lumian's palm, face-up. It depicted a figure
extending their scepter into the sky and pointing at the ground with
their left hand.

Tarot card---Magician!

Lumian glanced up in shock, realizing the enigmatic woman had
disappeared.

*Should I call her Madam Magician?* Lumian subconsciously
flipped the tarot card in his hand, revealing rows of minute Intis
script:

"The spirit that wanders about the unfounded, an upper world creature
that is friendly to humans, a messenger that belongs solely to
Magician."

Lumian studied the words for a moment before tucking the tarot card
away.

He glanced at Ryan and the others, then turned around and staggered away
from the area.

As he walked, Lumian couldn't help but look back at the blood-stained
mountain peak and the twisted, thorny city wall.

The Cordu in his memory had already morphed into this. It bore no
resemblance to what it once was, but Lumian still tried his best to
observe and search, hoping to overlap the scene in his mind with
reality.

He wanted to take another look at the giant atop the mountain, but he
knew that it would cause him grave harm.

Unwittingly, Lumian slowly circled the blood-stained mountain peak and
thorny city wall, his gaze constantly scanning the distorted and chaotic
objects.

He knew what he was looking for, and he knew he would never find it.

Just like that, Lumian arrived at the spot where the wooden wall had
blocked him.

Most of the area had collapsed, revealing the garden behind it.

The garden was lush and vibrant, a stark contrast to the blood-stained
"peak," the warped "city wall," and the ruins on the other side.

In the center was a brown wooden crib, reminiscent of the one Lumian had
seen in Madame Pualis's castle.

He subconsciously leaned over and realized that there was a small
human-shaped indentation on the slightly aged white cotton swaddling
cloth in the crib. It was as if a baby had once lain here, but its
whereabouts were now unknown.

*What does this mean?* Just as this thought crossed Lumian's
mind, he felt the sunlight shining down from the sky grow much brighter.

He instinctively looked up and saw golden flames completely engulfing
the mountaintop.

The three-headed, six-armed giant loomed in the inferno, seemingly
melting.

Lumian stared blankly for a few seconds before suddenly raising his
hands to shield his face.

The "sunlight" was too intense.

___

In the semi-subterranean two-story building at the edge of the ruins.

Lumian trudged to his sister's bedroom with the 237 verl d'or and 46
coppet he had collected. He grabbed a brown suitcase filled with clothes
and memorabilia and pushed open the door.

He was here to say goodbye.

As soon as he stepped in and saw the desk with the manuscripts, his head
throbbed as an image surfaced.

Aurore's eyes darted around, no longer vacant. She looked at Lumian, who
had been pushed away, and said with difficulty,

"My grimoires..."

*Grande Soeur's grimoires? Is there important information in
them?* Lumian pressed his forehead, walked to the desk, and
opened the drawer below.

Familiar dark notebooks greeted his eyes.

He suddenly remembered that Aurore had taught him a great deal of
mysticism knowledge before Cordu was destroyed.

___

In Dariège, at the steam locomotive station.

The ticket agent eyed Lumian and asked, "Where are your identification
documents?"

"I forgot," replied Lumian, clad in a linen shirt, a dark jacket, and a
round-rimmed black hat, as he held a brown suitcase.

He then turned and walked away from the window.

A short man in a half-top hat and black suit approached Lumian,
whispering, "Do you want to take the courier carriage? It's headed for
Bigorre."

"Does it require identification?" Lumian inquired.

The short man chuckled, responding, "No need. Our business is about to
be crushed by the steam locomotive. Why would we need identification
documents?

"So, are you taking it or not? This is the last remnant of romance from
the classical era!"

Lumian gave a slight nod and asked, "How much?"

The short man's enthusiasm flared.

"20 verl d'or to Bigorre, takes about a day. There are five stops in
between. Each stop allows for a rest, changing carriage drivers and
horses. Two of the stops also provide free food."

Without further questions, Lumian followed the short man to a deserted
street nearby.

A large carriage drawn by four horses was parked at the roadside.

Upon boarding, Lumian discovered the interior was rather spacious. Like
the public carriage, it had two rows separated by an aisle, as well as
space for larger luggage.

He found a seat by the window, placed his suitcase down, and pulled out
a book with a dark-red cover.

As the horses neighed outside, Lumian flipped through the book,
illuminated by sunlight streaming through the window.

Beside him sat a man in his thirties with a well-groomed mustache, brown
hair, blue eyes, and smart attire.

He glanced at the book in Lumian's hand, asking with interest, "Eternal
Love? Aurore Lee's book? The one featuring the female lead named
Kingsley and the male lead named Ciel?"

"Yes." Lumian nodded.

The mustached man became chatty.

"This book is Aurore Lee's earliest work. The writing was quite
amateurish, particularly the dialogue between characters. It doesn't
sound like something people would say in real life at all. It's so
emotional, it's uncomfortable."

"Indeed." Lumian nodded again.

He bowed his head and flipped to the last few pages of the book, his
gaze resting on the relevant passage.

"On her deathbed, Kingsley clutched Ciel's outstretched hand and gazed
at his anguished expression. She forced a smile and said with
difficulty, 'Stupid, live well.'"

(End of Volume 1: Nightmare)