---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1603
index: 134
section: vol2
slug: 134
title: Courtesan
---

## Chapter 134: Courtesan

"What?" Charlie's disbelief was palpable.

Lumian shared his surprise, casting a sympathetic glance at Charlie.

He was convinced that Charlie had no reason to kill Madame Alice. After
all, while she lived, Charlie stood to gain 500 verl d'or a month for
the next six months. According to various publications, this sum was
nearly equivalent to the monthly salary of a doctor, lawyer, mid-level
civil servant, senior high school teacher, senior engineer, or deputy
police lieutenant. For someone who had nearly starved to death and could
only find work as an apprentice attendant, it was a small fortune.

As his two colleagues headed upstairs, the officer who had handcuffed
Charlie tersely explained,

"Madame Alice was discovered dead in her room at the Hôtel du Cygne
Blanc this morning. Multiple witnesses confirm you spent the night there
and didn't leave until close to midnight."

Charlie's fear and confusion mounted.

"How is this possible? How did she die..."

Muttering to himself, he suddenly turned to the officer, anxiety etched
on his face, and insisted, "She was alive when I left! I swear by Saint
Viève!"

The officer's deep voice responded, "The preliminary autopsy report
places Madame Alice's time of death between 11 p.m. and 1 a.m. last
night. Besides you and her, no one else's presence was detected."

*Could the other presence not be human? *Lumian mused silently,
considering the Montsouris ghost.

If it weren't for his lack of an adequate disguise and his desire to
avoid the detectives' scrutiny, he would have voiced his thoughts.

"Impossible! This can't be happening!" Charlie's eyes widened, his voice
raised in protest.

A police officer, who had slipped away earlier, descended from the
fourth floor, a glittering diamond necklace held in his white-gloved
left hand.

"Found this!" he informed the lead officer.

The officer nodded without further explanation to Charlie. He stared at
him solemnly, declaring, "Charlie Collent, you're under arrest for
murder. You have the right to remain silent; anything you say can and
will be used against you in court."

"I didn't do it! Do you hear me? I didn't!" Charlie screamed, struggling
futilely.

Despite his protestations, he was led out of Auberge du Coq Doré by the
two police officers.

By then, several tenants had been drawn by the commotion to the
staircase, where they watched the scene unfold.

Among them was Gabriel, who appeared to have just completed an all-night
writing session on his manuscript.

"Do you think Charlie did it?" Lumian asked the playwright, deep in
thought as he stared down the now-empty corridor.

Gabriel had emerged earlier and had a rough understanding of Charlie's
predicament.

He shook his head, replying, "I don't think Charlie is guilty. He's not
a saint, but he's not evil either."

"Why do you say that?" Lumian inquired, turning to him.

Gabriel adjusted his black-framed glasses.

"Charlie was swindled out of his money and nearly starved, yet he never
considered stealing from us.

"That means he either has principles and a moral compass, or he's
terrified of the law. In either case, it's enough to prove he wouldn't
murder that lady."

Lumian nodded, then chuckled.

"People can be impulsive and change."

With that, he climbed the stairs to the fifth floor.

This was the top floor of Auberge du Coq Doré. Large sections of the
ceiling overhead showed signs of water damage, as if heavy rain would
cause it to leak.

Lumian approached Room 504, Charlie's room, and extracted a small wire
he carried with him to unlock the wooden door.

Inside, Charlie's suitcase, bed, and wooden table had been rifled
through by the two police officers earlier. Items were strewn about, but
they were few and far between.

Lumian recalled that during a conversation with Charlie at the basement
bar, he had mentioned pawning his only formal suit and many other
belongings while unemployed. He still couldn't afford to retrieve them.

As he entered, his gaze shifted, and Lumian suddenly spotted a portrait.

Taped to the wall opposite the bed, it depicted a woman in a green
dress.

The woman appeared to be in her late twenties, with auburn hair,
jade-green eyes, and lustrous red lips. She possessed an exquisite
beauty, radiating elegance.

Lumian was taken aback. The woman in the painting seemed eerily
familiar.

He realized it must be Susanna Matisse, the infamous prostitute Charlie
had confused for Saint Viève.

Yet he had never met this woman before, so there was no reason for him
to find her familiar.

After some thought, Lumian suddenly remembered something.

During his Summoning Dance in Room 207, he had attracted a translucent
figure that was clearly more powerful than the other entities.

The figure, too, was female and bore a striking resemblance to Susanna
Matisse in the portrait. However, one had turquoise hair, the other
auburn; one's hair was long enough to cover her naked body, while the
other's was merely long enough to form a bun.

Moreover, the figure was even more alluring, seemingly capable of
stirring hidden desires within anyone. Susanna Matisse's portrait didn't
provoke such feelings in Lumian.

*A consequence of misguided prayers?* Lumian silently nodded in
agreement.

In the past, he wouldn't have questioned Charlie's actions. If it meant
avoiding starvation, Lumian would have prayed sincerely to a prostitute,
let alone Trier's guardian angel.

But now, through Aurore's grimoire, Lumian had gained a basic
understanding of the entry-level Sequences of the twenty-two divine
paths, sacrificial taboos, and associated mystical knowledge. He knew
that careless praying could be perilous.

After searching for a while, he left Room 504, grabbed the carbide lamp,
and hailed a public carriage on Avenue du Marché, heading toward
Quartier de l'Observatoire.

As he ventured into the underground toward the area where Osta Trul
typically lurked, Lumian periodically scrutinized the shadows behind the
stone pillars.

He laughed at himself, thinking, *I won't run into the Montsouris ghost
again, will I?*

If that were the case, he would need to consider whether the Montsouris
ghost had a particular connection to something he possessed, or if
corruption had indirectly altered his "horoscope," resulting in
exceptionally bad luck.

Fortunately, Lumian's concerns proved unfounded. He found Osta Trul
sitting beneath a stone pillar, a bonfire crackling nearby.

The hooded, black-robed figure glanced at Lumian and offered a genuine
smile.

"Mr. K has granted you permission to attend our biweekly mysticism
gathering at nine o'clock on Wednesday night."

Osta's gaze bore a distinct sincerity, as if to say payment was due.

*At 9 p.m. the day after tomorrow...* Lumian nodded with a
smile.

"Where's the gathering?"

"Meet me at my place an hour beforehand. I'll take you there," Osta
replied without hesitation.

Lumian tersely acknowledged.

"I'll pay you the rest then."

"Alright." Though Osta seemed slightly disappointed, he acquiesced.

Lumian inquired, "What should I be cautious of at the gathering?"

"Cover your face and hide your identity," Osta advised from experience.
"You don't want other attendees exposing you if they're caught by the
authorities, do you? Aside from Mr. K, no one should know everything."

Lumian grinned, retorting, "You've already seen my face and know my
identity. Should I consider burying you in some corner of Underground
Trier after the first gathering?"

Osta involuntarily shuddered and forced a smile.

"You're quite the joker. But I don't actually know who you are, where
you live, or what you do. Besides, it's unlikely that you've shown me
your true self."

Taking pleasure in unnerving the other party, Lumian found a rock and
sat down. Basking in the warmth of the bonfire, he casually asked, "Have
you ever heard of Susanna Matisse?"

"I have," Osta replied, his excitement evident. "For a time, she was the
woman of my dreams. I bought numerous posters and postcards featuring
her image. A few years ago, she was Trier's most famous prostitute, the
kind who attended high society banquets. She was linked to countless
scandals involving members of parliament, high-ranking officials, and
the wealthy. Rumor has it that she made hundreds of thousands of verl
d'or annually, but she's been out of the limelight for the past two or
three years. Nana has since taken her place as Trier's renowned
courtesan. Sigh, she might have become someone's permanent mistress."

*Hundreds of thousands of verl d'or?* Lumian was taken aback.

"A high-level courtesan earns more than most best-selling authors?"

"Isn't that normal?" Osta wore a peculiar expression. "A high-level
courtesan can sleep with members of parliament, bankers, and
high-ranking officials, but a best-selling author can't."

Amused and self-deprecating, Lumian remarked, "That's true. Poet Boller
once said there is no difference between a poet and prostitute. The
former sells the product of his imagination, the latter her body."

"I prefer bodies," Osta admitted candidly.

Lumian inquired again, "Have you heard of the legend of a female ghost?
She has turquoise hair, long enough to wrap around her body. Her
features are exquisite, capable of enchanting most men and arousing
their desires."

"No." Osta shook his head.

With a wistful expression, he added, "If such a female ghost truly
exists, I'd love to encounter her just once."

Lumian stood up and chuckled.

"Then brace yourself for sudden death after doing it dozens of times a
night."

"..." Osta's expression froze.

___

3 p.m., 27 Avenue du Marché, Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman Police
Headquarters.

Lumian, having spent nearly 300 verl d'or on three sets of differently
graded clothes, affordable cosmetics, and other disguise props, entered
the unusually noisy hall.

Some people were being brought in, others were fortunate enough to
leave, while still others argued loudly, caused a scene, and
cursed---some slammed tables and kicked stools...

Lumian, his blond hair neatly combed back, black-framed glasses perched
on the bridge of his nose, and a mustache adorning his lips, appeared
with overly fair cheeks. Dressed in a black formal suit and carrying a
brown briefcase, he approached a male constable overseeing reception.

He stopped before the man, lifted his head slightly, and confidently
announced, "I'm Charlie Collent's pro bono lawyer. I'd like to see my
client."