---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1607
index: 138
section: vol2
slug: 138
title: Letter
---

## Chapter 138: Letter

Lumian completed the ritual on his second attempt. He cleared the wooden
table and opened Aurore's grimoire. Under the glow of the carbide lamp,
he thumbed through the relevant sections.

In under fifteen minutes, he sensed something. He looked up and fixed
his gaze on a spot near the window.

A folded letter lay there, undisturbed.

*That fast?* Lumian, surprised, reached out and took the letter.

Hela's response, vice president of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research
Society, had arrived sooner than expected.

Lumian unfolded the letter and skimmed the elegantly written words.

"I'm sorry to hear that. Ever since Muggle missed last month's
gathering, I've had a bad feeling.

"There are too many dangers in this world. Sometimes, we can't avoid
them just because we want to unless we can control everyone around us.

"If you wish, you can tell me about Muggle's misfortune. You don't have
to go into great detail. Just tell me the general situation...

"From the fact that you can summon my messenger, you should have stepped
onto the Beyonder path. I'm not sure if your sister told you that this
means you'll always be accompanied by danger and madness, but I have to
remind you that restraint and caution are our best friends.

"In the future, if you have any questions about mysticism, you can ask
me by writing to me. Although I'm not one of those with vast knowledge,
I can answer many questions.

"I've only met Muggle twice in the past year, mainly discussing various
matters in the Beyonder domain. What left a deep impression on me was
that she mentioned that a friend of hers was affected by a strange
dream, hoping to find a solution. If necessary, she wanted to hire a
real psychiatrist to treat him..."

Lumian silently read Hela's reply, his face twisting with emotion.

Aurore had been searching for a solution to his bizarre dream!

Lumian composed himself and contemplated his response.

Suddenly, he froze.

His brows furrowed as he muttered, "Aurore told Hela about hiring a real
psychiatrist...

"Considering Madame Susie's description, a true psychiatrist must refer
to a specific Sequence of the Spectator pathway...

"Only Beyonders skilled in this domain can prevent me from dreaming of
the world shrouded in gray fog..."

The issue wasn't with the situation. The problem was:

Aurore's grimoire only had Sequence 9 Spectator recorded for the
pathway!

Yet, she clearly knew about Psychiatrist!

Lumian quickly recalled the two conversations in his dream.

First, Aurore had said she wanted to find a genuine Hypnotist for him.

Second, Aurore had mentioned that she knew Sequence 9 and Sequence 8 of
all pathways and had a certain understanding of them.

*Psychiatrist is often associated with hypnosis. Hypnotist is most
likely a Sequence of the Spectator pathway as well, perhaps even
superior to Psychiatrist...*

*Aurore's grimoire doesn't have records of the corresponding Sequence 8
or Sequence 7 of the Spectator pathway...* Lumian's expression
became grave, intermingled with a twisted thrill.

After so many days, he had finally discovered a discrepancy in Aurore's
grimoire!

Previously, he had his suspicions but wasn't certain if there was any
hidden anomaly. After all, Aurore in his dream was a figure formed from
his memories and impressions under the influence of the soul fragment.
Everything she said might not be accurate or complete. It was normal for
her not to mention any exceptions explicitly.

Now, Hela's response indirectly confirmed that Aurore truly knew about
one or more Sequences within the Spectator pathway and possessed a
certain grasp of their related abilities.

*Why hadn't Aurore recorded this knowledge in her grimoire? What was the
secret behind this inconsistency?* Lumian pulled out a blank
sheet of paper, his emotions a blend of grief and anticipation.

In under a minute, he wrote, "Honorable Madame Hela,

"The truth is...

"My memory of the actual events is fragmented due to the calamity.

"If you could assist me in locating Guillaume Bénet, Pualis de
Roquefort, and others, I would be deeply grateful. Their appearances and
attributes can be found on the authorities' wanted posters.

"Lastly, I'm curious about the real psychiatrist Muggle intended to
hire."

In his letter, Lumian briefly touched upon Cordu. He made no mention of
the dream, the loop, or his rescue. He only speculated that Padre
Guillaume Bénet, under someone's guidance, had worshiped an evil god and
banished Madame Pualis, who followed another sinister deity. Bénet then
attempted a ritual with the entire village as a sacrifice. At the
crucial moment, Muggle, selected as a vessel, pushed Lumian away, an
essential sacrifice, causing the ritual's failure and Cordu's
destruction. Finally, the official Beyonders, who had been called for
aid, cleaned up the mess.

Lumian reassembled the altar, summoned the silver skull, and handed it
the letter.

In less than fifteen minutes, he received a second reply from Hela.

Rather than comparing response speeds between Madam Magician and Madame
Hela, Lumian eagerly read the letter's contents.

"I can sense your sorrow and understand your desire to uncover the truth
and exact vengeance upon the perpetrator.

"As Muggle's friend, I'll aid you to the best of my ability, including
but not limited to locating those individuals.

"I can also offer you a fresh lead on this matter. To my knowledge,
Muggle's parents and other family members may still be alive in this
world. She had distanced herself from them for some reason and didn't
dare return to Trier. I'm unsure if they're in any danger or if they've
come into contact with the evil god's followers.

"I don't know which Psychiatrist Muggle sought. Our organization has
numerous genuine Psychiatrists, and many gatherings Muggle and I
attended don't overlap. I'll assist you by inquiring with members who
have interacted with her to see if you can obtain the answer you seek...

"Until this investigation is complete, I'll help conceal the fact that
Muggle is deceased...

"If you relocate in the future, remember to summon my messenger again to
prevent me from losing contact with you after obtaining pertinent
information..."

After reading, Lumian fell silent for a long while before exhaling
slowly.

Initially, he'd imagined Madame Hela would invite him to join the
Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, taking Aurore's place. In doing
so, he could more effectively investigate the Psychiatrist Aurore sought
to hire. However, it seemed the organization was highly cautious about
recruiting new members. They might even need to meet specific criteria
to be considered candidates. For instance, Aurore had mentioned that
none of them could return to their hometowns.

*Maybe Madame Hela is observing and testing me...* Lumian
reassured himself and resumed studying Aurore's grimoire.

As for Aurore's original family, he was at a loss for where to begin.

___

Wednesday, 7:50 p.m., 20 Rue des Blouses Blanches.

Lumian rapped on Osta Trul's door, dressed in a grayish-blue worker's
uniform and a dark-blue, almost black cap.

Osta, clad in black robes and a hood, opened the wooden door and glanced
around. He grinned and remarked, "You're more punctual than I
anticipated."

"I honor my promises better than you might think." Lumian strode into
the room and handed Osta banknotes and coins worth 80 verl d'or.

Osta accepted it, counting twice with an even broader smile.

As he guided Lumian downstairs, he rambled, "The market district's been
somewhat chaotic lately. Baron Brignais didn't even come to me for
money."

"A gang leader died," Lumian commented nonchalantly.

Realizing the connection, Osta said regretfully, "Why couldn't Baron
Brignais have died?"

"Even if Baron Brignais were dead, there'd still be Baron Guillaume and
Baron Pierre. As long as the Savoie Mob exists, you'd have to repay the
loan you owe," Lumian taunted.

Osta's expression soured.

Before long, he and Lumian boarded a public carriage. They each paid 30
coppet and found seats.

In about an hour, the carriage arrived at Avenue du Boulevard on the
Srenzo River's north bank, Quartier 8, from the Le Marché du Quartier du
Gentleman on the river's south bank.

This was the heart of the entire Intis Republic. The presidential
Pavilion of Pleasure, the Grand Palace where Emperor Roselle once
resided, and various newspaper headquarters were all here, encircled by
upscale residences.

Lumian had previously read in newspapers that the average rent in this
district was 4,000 verl d'or annually, roughly 74 verl d'or weekly. The
priciest ones could even reach tens of thousands.

Noticing the empty carriage, Lumian lowered his voice and inquired of
Osta, "Is Mr. K hosting a gathering on Avenue du Boulevard?"

Osta smirked and replied, "Always. Psychic and Arcane have their
headquarters on Avenue du Boulevard as well."

You guys sure know how to hide... Lumian gazed at the broad, flat avenue
outside the window, the orderly Intis parasol trees lining the street,
and the elegant, light-colored buildings behind them.

Just before 8:50 p.m., Osta led Lumian into the six-story beige luxury
house at 19 Rue Scheer.

"This is Psychic magazine's headquarters, but they only occupy the top
three floors." Osta didn't ascend the stairs but turned right into a
corridor on the ground floor.

Only then did he inform Lumian, "Mr. K wants to see you beforehand."

"Alright." Lumian dipped his head and adjusted his hat, seemingly
preoccupied with something.

Osta produced an iron-colored mask and grinned.

"It's time to disguise yourself. You can't let everyone see your true
appearance."

In the next instant, Lumian looked up.

His face was shrouded in layers of white bandages, leaving only his
eyes, nostrils, and ears exposed.

Upon seeing this, Osta's heart nearly skipped a beat.