---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1610
index: 141
section: vol2
slug: 141
title: '"Hostage"'
---

## Chapter 141: "Hostage"

In the dimly lit corridor, bathed in the eerie glow of the crimson moon,
Charlie's voice echoed, sending shivers down one's spine.

*Dreaming of Susanna Mattise again?* Lumian's alarm gave way to
surging anger.

*Are you out of your damn mind? If you had that dream again, go to the
nearest Eternal Blazing Sun cathedral and find a clergyman! I'm not your
father to have you report your wet dreams to me!*

Casting a glance at Charlie, whose face was a mask of terror, Lumian
reined in his emotions and spoke in a low voice, "Relax. This was bound
to happen. For now, get some sleep and seek help from the nearest
cathedral at dawn."

Charlie appeared on the verge of tears.

"B-but, in my dream, she said if I dared to seek help from the Church,
she'd kill me on my way to the cathedral!"

"You communicated in the dream?" Lumian was taken aback.

Charlie nodded frantically.

"Yes. Before, she never spoke in my dreams. She only satisfied me, warm
and gentle. This time, she warned me. She warned me!"

*Could it be that Susanna Mattise hasn't fully transformed into a
monstrous creature and still possesses some level of
intelligence?* Lumian's thoughts raced, and he felt a pang of
sympathy for Charlie.

If Charlie couldn't get help from official Beyonders, he'd likely end up
like the three female victims in Aunett Town, lost in dreams until
drained of life.

*Hold on, are the official Beyonders handling Charlie's situation so
carelessly? Didn't they consider the possibility of Charlie being killed
by Susanna Mattise? *Lumian instantly thought of Ryan, Leah, and
Valentine.

*None of them would dismiss the case so casually, merely instructing the
victim to rush to a cathedral if he faced any issues.*

Remembering how the clergyman from the Church stayed with the lunatic
upstairs and protected him after encountering the Montsouris ghost,
Lumian grew suspicious.

*The official Beyonders overseeing Charlie's case intentionally
downplayed the threat posed by Susanna Mattise, allowing him to return
to the motel. They claimed the situation was mostly resolved and
instructed him to seek help from the cathedral if any issues arose---all
to lure Susanna Mattise into revealing herself again!*

Realizing this, Lumian looked at Charlie and said coolly, "If you trust
me, return to your room, lie down, close your eyes, and sleep until
dawn. Don't worry, it'll all be sorted out."

Lumian appeared unruffled, but inwardly, he was cursing.

*Get your ass back to the fifth floor! By now, the official Beyonders
monitoring the area should've detected the anomaly and be preparing to
act. Why are you standing in front of my door? Are you trying to get me
caught?*

"I, I..." Charlie hesitated, his eyes filled with terror.

*Will everything truly be resolved if I do nothing?*

Lumian exhaled and forced a smile.

"Idiot. Susanna Mattise warned you not to seek help from the Church. She
said nothing about me. I can help you get to the nearest cathedral!"

Lumian resorted to coaxing and deception, desperate for Charlie to leave
the second floor.

Charlie's face brightened, and he exclaimed excitedly, "Thank you, thank
you!"

The moment he spoke, Lumian caught the scent of vegetation, tainted with
an unsettling aroma.

In an instant, greenish-brown vines and branches unfurled from the
walls, ceiling, and floor. They sealed the windows and doors of the
other rooms.

At the staircase, a woman's voice, both beguiling and unnerving, rang
out.

"Charlie, are you really going to betray me?"

Charlie's eyes widened in shock as he turned toward the sound.

He saw the woman from his dreams, her turquoise hair cascading from her
head to the floor, reaching out to the surrounding walls and ceiling
above, melding with vines and branches.

Without her turquoise hair shrouding her body, Susanna Mattise stood
entirely exposed, her beautiful curves on display. Scattered among her
flesh were flower buds and tree warts---some red, some white, some
green, and some brown.

As she spoke, the vivid flower buds and bluish tree warts opened and
closed, oozing a foul-smelling, viscous liquid.

The repulsive scene left Charlie feeling as if he'd plunged into a
nightmare. He stood there, trembling, his mind a haze.

Susanna Mattise looked at Charlie, her eyes brimming with affection.

"Have you forgotten our blissful moments in the dream? Charlie, I'm your
wife."

Snapping out of his stupor, Charlie nearly crumbled.

"No! No!"

*You idiot! Just say something to placate Susanna!* Lumian
cursed himself for not reacting quickly enough to silence Charlie.

Susanna's expression frosted over.

"Then stay with me forever."

At her words, the terror in Charlie's eyes vanished, replaced by
infatuation as he eagerly moved toward the monstrous being.

A moist flower bud on Susanna's lower abdomen opened unnaturally wide,
unlike the other flower buds and tree warts that closed slowly.

It seemed to await Charlie.

Simultaneously, Susanna glared at Lumian, her voice seething with
hatred, "It's all your fault. You incited Charlie to betray me!"

"Why don't you take a look in the mirror and see how horrifying and
repulsive you've become? If I were Charlie, I would've kicked you out of
my dream from the start!" Lumian's instincts told him pleading for mercy
was futile. Instead, he chose to retaliate and provoke Susanna, hoping
to uncover her weakness.

Merely standing near the bizarre creature, Lumian felt a mix of
exhilaration and dread. He longed for her, yet resisted, as if caught in
a whirlpool of desire, consumed by an overpowering sense of
helplessness.

This proved she was far stronger than him!

Lumian cursed inwardly as his thoughts raced, searching for a way to buy
time.

He was sure the official Beyonders would arrive soon!

*What in the world is this monster?*

*Why does she believe she's Charlie's wife?*

*Wife...*

In that instant, as Susanna Mattise screeched, incensed by his words, an
idea struck Lumian.

As her scream filled the air, vines and branches surged toward Lumian,
amplifying the fear lurking in his heart to the point of near-collapse.

His legs weakened, and his body trembled uncontrollably.

Summoning his ruthlessness, Lumian managed to extend his right hand,
grabbing Charlie, who was about to rush toward the creature.

With Fallen Mercury in his left hand, he pressed the sinister dirk to
Charlie's throat.

Susanna Mattise looked bewildered, her anger palpable.

"What are you doing?"

Lumian smirked menacingly.

"I forgot to mention, my Beyonder weapon is called Cursed Blade.

"A single cut drawing blood will curse his entire family to death,
including his wife.

"And you're Charlie's wife!"

Recalling the lunatic upstairs, Lumian suspected that the Montsouris
ghost would target not only one's immediate family but also their
spouse.

Although he didn't understand how a spouse was determined in mysticism,
since Susanna Mattise claimed to be Charlie's wife, he treated her as
such!

Of course, Lumian knew allowing Fallen Mercury to curse Charlie with the
fate of the Montsouris ghost wouldn't immediately impact Susanna
Mattise. It wouldn't affect the present situation at all.

He gambled that Susanna Mattise didn't know this, and that she could
sense the danger in Fallen Mercury.

It was a bluff!

Susanna Mattise's expression froze, and the attacking vines and branches
halted midair.

Her jade-green eyes radiated menace.

Lumian's vision shifted. He saw Guillaume Bénet, the hawk-nosed padre
clad in a white robe adorned with golden threads.

Suppressed hatred erupted like a volcano.

Lumian released Charlie and advanced toward the "Guillaume Bénet" he had
locked onto.

But before him stood only Susanna Mattise.

In that instant, Charlie, his face awash with infatuation, saw Lumian
approaching his "wife" with a dirk. He lunged at the assailant,
shouting, "Don't hurt her!"

Lumian snapped to his senses, realizing Guillaume Bénet had morphed into
Susanna Mattise, her flower buds and tree warts blossoming one by one!

She controlled my emotions? In his shock, Lumian twisted violently,
seizing Charlie again and pressing Fallen Mercury to his throat.

Susanna Mattise didn't conceal her disappointment. After a moment's
silence, she parted her red lips.

Suddenly, the creature halted, staring solemnly at the wall near Rue
Anarchie in Auberge du Coq Doré.

In the next second, her turquoise hair retracted, and the vines and
branches disintegrated, vanishing.

*Wh--- The official Beyonders are here? *Lumian watched Susanna
Mattise's figure burrow through the wall and disappear from the
corridor.

He released Charlie and shook him, urging him to wake up. He quickly
instructed,

"Lie down on the second-floor stairs and keep your eyes closed until
someone wakes you!"

With that, Lumian pushed Charlie and retreated to his room, closing the
wooden door and feigning sleep, like the other tenants.

As Susanna departed, the obsession faded from Charlie's eyes. When
Lumian jolted him back to reality, he had no choice but to follow
Lumian's directions. He jogged to the staircase leading to the ground
floor, lay down, and closed his eyes, feigning unconsciousness.

Almost simultaneously, a red hue filled Charlie and Lumian's vision, as
though the sun had risen prematurely, heralding the day.

___

Minutes later, a golden sword formed from light stabbed into the ground
of Rue Anarchie, skewering a writhing turquoise vine.

"Is it resolved?" A young man with the Sun Sacred Emblem pinned to his
chest asked the one brandishing the sword.

He was a rugged man with blond hair, golden eyebrows, and a golden
beard, wearing a brown coat adorned with two rows of golden buttons.

He exhaled and declared, "We've resolved it for now, but unless we find
the origin of this evil spirit, it's only a matter of time before she
regenerates there."