---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1611
index: 142
section: vol2
slug: 142
title: Mother Tree
---

## Chapter 142: Mother Tree

"Evil spirits can reform again?" The young man bearing the Sun Sacred
Emblem on his chest inquired, astonished.

From his mysticism knowledge and experience gained through case files,
he knew that unless an evil spirit possessed unique abilities,
purification equated to total annihilation.

Such soul-type entities were either the offspring of powerful Beyonders'
deaths or vengeful spirits that managed to break through various
constraints. The mightiest could even wield a degree of godhood, but
resurrection and rebirth were not among their traits.

The blond man, clad in a double-breasted brown coat, straightened up and
eyed the dissipating, writhing vines. After some thought, he said, "Evil
spirits can have unique distinctions. Under specific conditions, they
rely on an object to be born. This object often lies at the heart of
their territory.

"As long as this object remains intact, the evil spirit, even if not
entirely purified, will gradually reform within the corresponding area."

Evil spirits would assimilate their birthplaces, merging with the spirit
world and the Underworld to obtain the power necessary to maintain their
existence. Otherwise, they would slowly weaken until they vanished
completely.

In essence, evil spirits had a fixed range of activity and couldn't
wander far from their birthplaces. This was their "territory."

The young man donned in the Sun Sacred Emblem and a white robe adorned
with golden threads roughly grasped the reasoning. He furrowed his brow
and said, "We've been searching for days, yet we haven't found the
birthplace of the evil spirit, Susanna Matisse."

Logically, Susanna Matisse couldn't stray far from her territory. If
official Beyonders carefully searched Rue Anarchie and its vicinity,
they would surely locate the evil spirit's birthplace and destroy the
object it depended on.

However, this was Trier, a city with not only an above-ground area but
also an underground section. Another Rue Anarchie and Le Marché du
Quartier du Gentleman mirrored the area above, with numerous obscure
paths and empty spaces.

More crucially, deeper underground, lay Trier from the Fourth Epoch.
Even for official Beyonders, it was a perilous place they scarcely
comprehended.

As a deacon of Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman's Inquisition,
Angoulême de François had never understood why Trier had been rebuilt
atop the original site, right above the sunken Trier of the Fourth
Epoch, in the late era.

Although geographically ideal, this decision had spawned countless
troubles over the ensuing thousand years.

The Purifiers weren't incapable of resolving the Beyonder incidents;
they just couldn't get to the root of the problem, hidden within the
underground ruins of the Fourth Epoch's Trier.

Rumor had it that not even Demigods dared or were willing to venture
into those depths.

Angoulême sheathed his golden longsword, which seemed to be condensed
light, into a grayish-white, steam-powered humanoid head contraption,
allowing it to sink into the corresponding "vertebrae."

Dark liquid seemed to fill the device.

A man in a white suit, yellow vest, and light-colored shirt, adorned
with the Sun Sacred Emblem, emerged from Auberge du Coq Doré.

His light-yellow hair was neatly combed, skin-colored tape covered the
bridge of his nose, and his lips were thick. A hint of a Southern
Continent ancestry showed through his slightly brown skin.

"Deacon, I've spoken to Charlie Collent," he reported to Angoulême de
François.

Angoulême touched the golden button on his brown coat, asking, "Is he
alright?"

The brown-skinned man shook his head, replying, "We arrived just in
time. He wasn't physically harmed.

"According to him, after he dreamed of Susanna Matisse again, although
she warned him, he still chose to seek help. He was intercepted by
Susanna Matisse on the second floor of the motel and almost became one
with her forever. At least, that's what she said.

"After that, Charlie collapsed at the staircase and almost fainted. At
that moment, he saw a light like the sun rising."

This development seemed normal and reasonable, aligning with the details
provided by the Purifier elite team led by Angoulême. Neither Angoulême
nor the other two Purifiers had any doubts.

In their understanding, Charlie's request for help was in accordance
with their instructions to head to the nearest Eternal Blazing Sun
cathedral.

Angoulême surveyed the unusually quiet Rue Anarchie and nodded slightly.

"For now, let's put Charlie Collent aside. But if we don't find Susanna
Mattise's birthplace in two weeks, consider arranging a civilian job for
him and telling him the truth."

This was the standard procedure used by official Beyonders to protect
ordinary people who had yet to fully escape the influence of Beyonder
events.

Of course, it often appeared they had resolved the problem and informed
the victim to live peacefully, only for the person to die mysteriously
weeks, months, or years later.

Angoulême continued, "We have two priorities. First, investigate this
area, including the underground, to find Susanna Mattise's birthplace.
Second, locate the person who warned us with the letter. He seems to
have deep knowledge of Susanna Mattise."

Before releasing Charlie, Angoulême and his team had secretly
investigated Auberge du Coq Doré but found no suspicious areas that
could be the birthplace of the evil spirit.

Additionally, they had used Beyonder methods to verify Charlie's
encounter and confession. They confirmed that the victim had interacted
with ordinary people from the moment he prayed to Susanna Matisse until
he was arrested by the police.

That was why Angoulême suggested not to worry about Charlie's situation
for the time being.

As for the sender, he had impressive methods and extensive
anti-divination and anti-tracking experience. He had chosen to use a
spirit world creature to write and send the letter.

It was worth noting that even when using the same descriptive
incantation to summon a spirit world creature, a different one would
likely appear each time.

The challenge with using just a three-line description was that it could
potentially match hundreds of thousands of spirit world creatures, if
not more. What they could summon each time relied solely on chance.

Without a corresponding medium and a description that highlighted the
subject's unique traits, it was nearly impossible to zero in on the
target spirit using the incantation alone. Most spirit world creatures
simply weren't distinctive enough.

Angoulême had previously sought the help of colleagues adept in such
matters. Employing the letter as a medium, he tried summoning the
associated spirit world creature, hoping to glean any clues from it.
Alas, whether it was the letter's transcriber, author, or sender, they
came up empty-handed.

The issue could have been a flaw in the descriptive statement, or
perhaps the corresponding spirit world creature sensed their ill
intentions and refused the summoning.

Even with a flawless summoning ritual, it could still fail if the spirit
world creatures fitting the description declined to respond. Only those
Sequences skilled in summoning could significantly boost the odds or
even force the issue. Naturally, Beyonders rarely faced such obstacles.
Their three-line descriptions cast a wide net, ensnaring numerous spirit
world creatures, with a handful always eager to enter the real world and
absorb some spirituality.

___

Lumian feigned sleep, poised to flee at a moment's notice.

It wasn't until the nearby cathedral clock struck six that he allowed
himself a sigh of relief.

*Seems like the battle between the official Beyonders and Susanna
Mattise has ended. They didn't even realize I briefly confronted
her...* Lumian rolled out of bed and rubbed his face.

He couldn't be certain if the official Beyonders had completely
neutralized Susanna Mattise or if this ordeal was truly over.

Recalling Susanna's intense hatred for him, Lumian knew he couldn't rely
on hope alone.

He decided to write a letter to Madam Magician, reporting his encounter
with Mr. K and inquiring about Susanna Mattise's nature and weaknesses.

For good measure, he also planned to ask Hela, the Curly-Haired Baboons
Research Society's vice president---after all, Madam Magician wasn't
all-knowing.

After penning the two letters and tidying the room, Lumian summoned two
messengers at ten-minute intervals, ensuring each took the correct
letter.

By the time he finished washing up and returned to Room 207, there were
already two replies waiting silently on the wooden table.

*Wow, Madam Magician is quick too. Did the messengers run into each
other? If so, what would they talk about? *Lumian muttered,
picking up one of the replies.

The letter was from Hela.

"Similar cases have occurred in the Northern and Southern Continents.
Men and women often dreamed of the opposite sex and engaged in intimate
acts, ultimately dying from exhaustion.

"If the victims have partners or lovers, these innocents are killed one
by one by creatures like Susanna Mattise. These creatures seem to
believe they're the dreamer's spouse.

"Such creatures are said to possess powerful abilities on par with
Mid-Sequence Beyonders.

"Some details suggest Susanna may have already died, becoming a vengeful
or evil spirit..."

*It is indeed quite powerful...* Lumian recalled his encounter
the previous night, realizing that without Fallen Mercury's deterrence,
Charlie as a "hostage," and Susanna's conviction that she was Charlie's
wife, he might have been defeated within a minute.

After burning Hela's reply with a flame conjured from his spirituality,
Lumian unfolded Madam Magician's letter.

"I'm unsure whether to congratulate or commiserate with you. Your
chances of encountering an evil god's Blessed seem higher than those of
ordinary Beyonders. This may be due to the corruption sealed within you.

"It's difficult to explain this phenomenon using the law of convergence
of Beyonder characteristics. It's more like repulsive forces rejected by
this world, attracting each other.

"That's my theory. I can't guarantee its accuracy. If I'm wrong, don't
forget to inform me and provide the correct answer.

"Based on your account, I suspect Susanna was once a believer of an evil
god, who bestowed her with strength equivalent to a Sequence 5.

"That evil god goes by the pseudonym Mother Tree of Desire in this
world. Don't attempt to understand Her, let alone guess Her true and
complete title.

"Susanna is likely a Fallen Tree Spirit or Spirit of Lust, also known as
Baby Cupid in some regions. They can appear as men or women, engaging in
intimate acts within dreams and absorbing the victim's energy. Over
time, their possessiveness leads them to believe they're the victim's
spouse, driving them to kill the victim's partner or lover in a fit of
jealousy.

"However, Susanna also exhibited traits of a soul-type entity. It's
highly plausible she met her demise in an accident or failed to endure
the boon, morphing into an evil spirit. She grew increasingly paranoid,
clinging to her instincts."