---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1622
index: 153
section: vol2
slug: 153
title: Strange Rule
---

## Chapter 153: Strange Rule

Standing before the white globe-shaped statue, an assemblage of
countless skulls, in the Salle de Bal Brise,

Lumian paused. His eyes scanned the Intisian inscription---"They sleep
here, waiting for the arrival of happiness and hope."

Pulling his gaze from the statue, he strode toward the entrance.

Two henchmen, donned in crisp white shirts and dark overcoats, spun on
their heels to face him,

"Good morning, Ciel."

They'd been buzzing with the whispers about this brash newcomer who'd
reportedly offed Margot and left Wilson licking his wounds, all within a
few fleeting days. It was no secret that he'd been roped into the Savoie
Mob.

"Good morning, my cabbages," Lumian tossed back, his lips curling into a
grin as he borrowed Dariège's pet phrase.

The Salle de Bal Brise was still waking up. Waitstaff moved with placid
efficiency, arranging chairs, scrubbing the floors.

Lumian had intended to seek out Louis, a familiar face. No need to
ruffle the feathers of Baron Brignais over such small matters. But
there, nestled at the bar, sat Maxime---the very same one who'd tailed
him.

Maxime, still sporting his trademark cap, drank a pint of rye beer.

A smirk spread across Lumian's face as he sauntered over.

Perceiving a presence nearing him, Maxime, out of habit, flicked a
sidelong glance.

He went rigid, as though struck by a sudden frost.

In the next heartbeat, he vaulted off his stool and swiveled toward
Lumian, plastering on a toadying grin.

"Good morning, Ciel."

He too had caught wind of the rumors---of Ciel's assassination of Margot
and the defenestration of Wilson from the fourth floor of Auberge du Coq
Doré.

A surge of relief washed over him. Thank the stars he hadn't pushed his
luck when he'd been nabbed tailing Ciel. Considering Ciel's penchant for
violence, he could've easily ended up as fodder for the rats in some
godforsaken corner of Underground Trier.

This man was a bona fide killing machine. No qualms, no hesitation!

Lumian smiled.

"Merely 'Ciel' doesn't quite ring with the proper respect, does it?"

Seeing Maxime blanch, Lumian added,

"I'm curious as to when I'll hear 'Baron Ciel' rolling off your tongue."

This was a jest, yes, but also a thinly veiled indication of his
ambition---to rise to the ranks of the Savoie Mob leadership, and sooner
rather than later.

"Soon, very soon," Maxime replied with a forced smile.

His internal dialogue sang a different tune: I'd call you 'Baron' this
very moment if it kept you happy, just like our 'Baron' isn't a real
baron, but a self-proclaimed one.

Lumian claimed a stool at the bar and patted the one next to him.

"Have a seat. I have a few questions for you."

Maxime swiftly obliged, gesturing to the rye beer before him. "Fancy a
pint?"

"Ranger for me, if you please," Lumian responded without missing a beat.

A 'Ranger'---a tangy blend of orange and pomegranate beer---cost two
licks more than the rye.

Though it pinched his pocket, Maxime hollered over to the bartender, "A
glass of Ranger."

Swiveling back towards Lumian, he flashed a grin.

"What would you like to know?"

Lumian bided his time until the generous pint of the orange-colored beer
was delivered before launching his inquiry, "How did you join our Savoie
Mob?"

"I'm Savoyard born and bred." Maxime gestured to his weather-beaten
features. "Hopped over to Trier in search of greener pastures, but my
buddy who'd put me up had already joined the Savoie Mob."

The Savoie Mob was the brainchild of a handful of Savoyards who'd made
their living as laborers, servants, and peddlers in Le Marché du
Quartier du Gentleman. They were a fierce lot, unafraid to put
themselves in harm's way, and they'd quickly carved out their own slice
of the pie. As the mob's influence grew, they began to pull in recruits
from other provinces and even Trier locals, but the heart of the
organization still came from Savoie.

Lumian gave a slight nod, steering the conversation to his next
question,

"And is Baron Brignais the head honcho of the whole Savoie Mob?"

"No." Maxime stared at Lumian, aghast.

*He'd joined the mob without even grasping the basics?*

*And he'd taken out Margot and severely injured Wilson in the name of
the Savoie Mob!*

Lumian took a leisurely sip of his orange-pomegranate beer, a playful
grin adorning his face.

"I was under the impression that Baron Brignais was the head honcho. I
mean, his swagger, his flair, his brawn... how could he not be the top
dog?"

Maxime recoiled in terror, clapping a hand over Lumian's mouth.

Were such words safe to spill in such an open area?

If word got back to that person, it could put a serious kink in his
relationship with the baron!

Maxime wasted no time in setting the record straight.

"The baron is in charge of the Salle de Bal Brise, Avenue du Marché, and
the loan shark operations. His peers include "Rat" Christo who oversees
smuggling, "Giant" Simon who runs the dance joints on Rue du Rossignol,
"Red Boots" Franca who oversees Rue des Blouses Blanches, and "Blood
Palm" Black who controls half of Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman.

"There's a top dog above them, but I've never laid eyes on him nor do I
know who he is."

In a hushed voice, Maxime added, "Rumor has it he's a legitimate
merchant, a card-carrying member of the Savoie Chamber of Commerce. And
he's no small fry, either."

A member of the Savoie Chamber of Commerce? So, the Chamber of Commerce
is backing a mob to handle their dirty laundry and keep the competition
in check... Lumian pieced together the puzzle from his own experiences
as a drifter, snippets from Aurore's offhand comments, and a smattering
of books, magazines, and newspapers he'd devoured at home.

News of Ciel's arrival at the Salle de Bal Brise reached Louis, Baron
Brignais' shadow. He made a beeline for the bar, his heart pounding with
worry that the audacious country boy was about to stir the pot yet
again!

He was really worried that the bold country boy would cause trouble
again!

Finding Lumian engrossed in conversation with Maxime, Louis slid onto a
stool on the other side, easing into the chat, "What's got you coming to
the Salle de Bal Brise at this hour?"

Lumian shot him a sly smile. "I've got a favor to ask."

Louis, his forehead still sporting a nasty bruise, shrank back at the
sight of Lumian's grin.

"What is it?"

Sensing they were about to dive into heavier matters, Maxime beat a
hasty retreat from the bar, nursing his rye beer closer to the dance
floor.

Lumian retracted his gaze and said slowly, "I need you to fetch me a
lizard's eye, a rock from an eagle's nest, and a snake's venom gland."

He kept the full list of the Prophecy Spell's ingredients under wraps,
planning to source them from different places.

"What do you need those for?" Louis found the trio of items vile and
bizarre.

Lumian chuckled. "Remember how Margot bit the dust?"

Louis felt a chill run down his spine. It felt like a veiled threat, and
it was working!

*I'm not trying to rattle you...* Lumian snickered to himself.

"I stabbed him. My blade was laced with poison."

"Right," Louis remembered Ciel's chat with Baron Brignais.

Seeing Louis still hadn't caught on, Lumian mentally berated, *Why is
this guy denser than Charlie?*

He sighed, spelling it out for him. "Those items are to whip up another
batch of poison."

"What are you planning?" Louis nearly jumped out of his skin.

He had a hunch Lumian was about to stir the pot.

"Self-defense," Lumian replied tersely.

With no grounds to object, Louis let out a sigh of relief, promising,

"I'll get someone on the job to collect those three items for you."

He ran through the list of items again, making sure he'd got it
straight.

Once he'd confirmed the details, Lumian took a swig of his Ranger,
switching gears.

"Ever heard of the Salle de Bal Unique?"

Louis eyed Lumian suspiciously, advising, "Best steer clear of that
place. The dance hall's owner, Timmons, is tight with the police
commissioner of Quartier de l'Observatoire. And there's a shadowy
organization pulling his strings. Anyone who's tried to squeeze them has
found themselves in a world of hurt, and some have even vanished off the
face of the world."

Each quartier in Trier had its own police headquarters, each headed by a
commissioner.

The police commissioner's official title was the Commissioner of the
Trier Police Affairs Committee, answering to the Minister of the Trier
Police Department.

*So that's why the Poison Spur Mob never had the guts to chase up
Timmons' debt...* Lumian nodded, deep in thought.

Seeing the worry etched on Louis's face, afraid he was about to stir up
a hornet's nest, Lumian threw him a curveball.

"Who else in the Poison Spur Mob ranks up there with Margot? And who's
their boss?"

*What are you trying to do?* Louis almost blurted out.

*Could it be that Ciel's planning to knock off all the heavy hitters in
the Poison Spur Mob?*

*Are you out of your mind?*

Keeping his cool, Louis replied, "That's none of your concern right
now."

Lumian responded with a knowing smile, not pushing the matter. He downed
his Ranger.

___

In the shadowy enclave of Quartier de l'Observatoire, nestled near the
catacombs,

Lumian found Osta Trul huddled by the bonfire.

He laughed mockingly.

"You're the most professional person I've ever come across."

Like clockwork, Osta was here seven days a week, peddling his con.

"I'd love to be soaking myself on some beach, but my debts tell a
different story." The thought of hopping a steam locomotive out of Trier
and dodging his outstanding loans had crossed Osta's mind. Yet, each
time he made it as far as the station, Baron Brignais's goons would be
there to give him a good thrashing.

This had instilled in him a healthy fear of the Baron's reach, and he'd
since abandoned any such ideas.

"I need you to fetch me a few things," Lumian cut to the chase, settling
down beside Osta. "For each item you bring, there's an extra 5 verl d'or
in it for you."

Osta's eyes sparked with interest.

"What are you after?"

Lumian stared into the fire, his voice low. "Lynx innards, hyena tongue,
stag bone marrow, and any deadly herb."

"They're not easy to come by." Osta tried to haggle.

He'd already made up his mind to scour the eateries in Quartier de
l'Observatoire.

Lumian brushed him off, changing the subject. "Where can I find aquatic
monsters in Trier?"

Osta pondered a moment before replying, "There's an underground river in
the catacombs nearby, fed by the Srenzo River. Every so often, someone
claims to have run into an aquatic monster. And occasionally, some
surface along the Srenzo River banks, but they're quickly dispatched by
the Purifiers or the Machinery Hivemind."

Lumian nodded. "Do you know the Salle de Bal Unique?"

"Sure do." Osta pointed skyward. "It's over on Rue Ancienne, right by
Place du Purgatoire."

"1 verl d'or. Show me the way." Lumian rose to his feet.

He planned to scope out the place, gather what intel he could. If it was
a dead end, he'd move on.

In no time, Osta was leading Lumian topside, veering into Rue Ancienne
near the square, and halting in front of a vintage edifice.

The building, a somber shade of blue-gray, retained its pre-Roselle
charm.

Classic pediments, a chevron roof, and leaded windows.

The Salle de Bal Unique occupied the ground floor, its entrance
resembling a giant maw.

It happened to be past noon, and a carriage pulled up to the curb as
three men and a woman alighted.

Dressed in dark short suits, they sauntered towards the Salle de Bal
Unique.

As they neared the entrance, each member of the quartet produced a
monocle, fitting it over their right eye.

Watching this, Lumian turned to Osta, bemusement written all over his
face.

Osta, flashing a knowing smile, enlightened him, "That's one of Salle de
Bal Unique's rules. Everyone who steps inside must be donning a short
suit and a monocle."