---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1628
index: 159
section: vol2
slug: 159
title: Savage
---

## Chapter 159: Savage

*The tide of fortune seems to have taken a turn for Monsieur
Ive...*

*His handling of the robbery the previous night must have laid bare his
secret, especially in the face of a disguised Beyonder masquerading as a
police officer...*

*Had they sniffed out something amiss and laid a trap in
anticipation?*

The gears in Lumian's head whirred ever faster, his growing suspicion
suggesting that his 'robbery' attempt on Monsieur Ive had alerted the
man and his unseen benefactors.

Still, he couldn't verify any peculiarity regarding the landlord without
attempting some sleuthing.

Realizing the eyes of the figure at the Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à
Pigeons could be upon him, Lumian abandoned the thought of paying a
'visit' to Monsieur Ive, making a hasty exit from Avenue du Marché.

An urgency overwhelmed him to execute the Prophecy Spell in order to
unravel some of the mysteries plaguing him.

___

Within the confines of Quartier de l'Observatoire, near the subterranean
cemetery, warmed by a flickering bonfire, Lumian spotted Osta Trul's
peculiar stance. "Did you manage to procure the items I asked for?"

Osta responded with a genuine grin, "Indeed. The entrails of a lynx,
tongue of a hyena, marrow of a stag, and some gray henbane. It all
amounts to 5 verl d'or. Including the reward you pledged, it comes to 20
verl d'or."

Per their agreement, Lumian was to hand him an extra 5 verl d'or for
each item. But, noticing the sum worth of the items was only 5 verl
d'or, Osta's conscience wouldn't allow him to charge full price, hence
the discount.

Lumian didn't mind. The arrangement saved him a great deal of time.

Naturally, he didn't push to pay more, handing Osta a sum of banknotes
amounting to the quoted price of 20 verl d'or.

The four items were contained in either modest glassware or small wooden
boxes and cloth bags. Lumian inspected them individually before sliding
them into his pocket.

His gaze once again fell on Osta Trul. "Any further insights on the
aquatic monster?"

Osta nodded. "Indeed."

His expression bore a plea for affirmation.

"In my effort to gather more information about the aquatic monsters, I
even ventured into the underground river myself. Regrettably, the ground
was treacherous, and I ended up taking a tumble."

He pulled up his sleeve, revealing the distinct marks of his slip on his
forearm.

*So that's why his posture seemed off... If I hadn't requested Osta to
gather information on the aquatic monster, would he have avoided the
injury? Yet I only enlisted him after foreseeing an imminent accident.
What could have transpired if I had rescinded?* A feeling of
inevitability wrapped Lumian.

He was also a pawn in the game of destiny, his actions and will embedded
in the luck he sensed.

Lumian curtailed his musing and responded with a light chuckle.

"I did advise you to be cautious."

"Uh..." Osta appeared taken aback.

The recollection of Ciel's warning for the upcoming days suddenly sprung
to mind.

*Did it manifest so rapidly? Is his divination prowess truly this
potent?* Amid his astonishment, Osta queried, "You divined I
would be injured within the next two days?"

*What Sequence does Ciel belong to?*

*Not only does he appear combat-savvy, but his divination skills are
impressive!*

A grin played at the corners of Lumian's mouth.

"It's not divination."

He held back further explanation, leaving Osta to his own conjectures.

Seeming to take the hint, Osta didn't press further. Instead, he shifted
the conversation back to the aquatic monster.

"I've been able to piece together the whispers and conjecture, and it
seems there are three kinds of aquatic monsters in the underground
river:

"The first appears to be a drowned corpse, bloated and eerily pale. The
second resembles a grotesquely mutated fish, standing nearly as tall as
a man, covered in sturdy scales that seem impervious to harm. The third
bears an uncanny resemblance to strands of black hair floating atop the
water, only to suddenly reach out and ensnare the unwary souls on the
banks, dragging them under.

"These aquatic monsters, however, aren't particularly formidable. Most
of their attacks on humans end in failure, which accounts for the
abundance of tales and rumors.

"They're an elusive lot. Sometimes seen two or three times a month,
sometimes they disappear entirely. I ventured down there last night
myself, but aside from my unfortunate slip, I found no trace of them."

Lumian scoffed at this, saying, "With your level of combat prowess, I
wouldn't bet on your return if you ran into one of them."

Osta only managed a sheepish smile in response, not deigning to refute
the comment.

The only reason he dared to venture there was due to the aquatic
monsters' reputed weakness and his own divination.

Lumian's brow furrowed in contemplation. *Given the aquatic monsters'
record, any Beyonder team from the two Churches or Bureau 8 could
effortlessly eradicate them. So, why were they still prevalent?*

*If the underground river concealed a greater peril, any poor soul
encountering the aquatic monster should have no chance of
escape.*

As these thoughts spun in his mind, Lumian took the materials Osta Trul
had provided and carefully concealed them between a pair of nearby
rocks.

He was cautious, thinking that should he engage in a heated battle with
the aquatic creature in the future, these delicate items might get
damaged.

Afterward, Lumian handed Osta a 5 verl d'or note.

"This is for your insights about the aquatic monsters."

Lumian picked up his carbide lamp and, following Osta's instructions and
the tunnel signs, began his journey towards the underground river.

A few moments of hesitation later, Osta quickly rose, grabbing his own
carbide lamp and hurriedly following Lumian.

Upon hearing the rapid footsteps, Lumian spun around, his puzzled gaze
landing on Osta.

Osta managed a strained smile and said, "I'll come with you. I might be
of some assistance."

"You?" Lumian couldn't veil his incredulous disdain.

Osta cleared his throat before divulging his actual motive.

"The aquatic monster is a spiritual being. It's improbable that you'll
want everything. I-I'm hoping to scavenge what you leave behind."

If fortune smiled upon him and he found a buyer for the parts, he could
make a tidy sum of more than ten verl d'or!

Lumian merely stared at Osta, letting the tension build before finally
breaking into a grin.

"You're welcome to tag along, but don't expect me to play your
bodyguard."

From what he could discern, Osta's luck was veering away from a bloody
end and instead showing promise of a minor financial windfall.

Essentially, if Osta joined him on this underground river expedition, it
implied that the hunt might be relatively safe and potentially
lucrative.

Of course, Lumian couldn't be entirely sure that his decision wouldn't
sway the course of Osta's luck.

"No problem." Osta replied, devoid of apprehension.

In his mind, he'd merely be tailing Ciel from a distance. If they
happened to encounter an aquatic monster, he'd simply keep a wider
berth. The threat to his own life seemed minimal at best.

Osta's unwavering resolution prompted Lumian to study him a moment
longer.

Seeing that his luck hadn't shifted, Lumian lifted his gaze, picked up
his carbide lamp and resumed his journey forward.

In a way, having someone like Osta trailing behind had its benefits.

Sometimes, the art of fishing required bait. On other occasions, in the
face of a formidable monster, one needn't outrun the beast. One just
needed to outpace their so-called allies!

The two of them ventured deeper into the subterranean world, each step
guided by the flickering light of their carbide lamps.

After roughly ten minutes, they were engulfed by an escalating humidity,
and Lumian could discern the faint murmur of flowing water.

He held his lamp aloft, casting an eye over the tunnel signage before
veering into a pathway shrouded in darkness to his right.

Soon, the telltale shimmer of water, distorted by the lamp's radiance,
beckoned ahead.

Lumian approached the underground river with caution.

It stretched five to six meters wide, ensconced beneath a
naturally-formed stone dome peppered with stalactites. The water was
relatively clear, meandering through the carved gullies.

Apart from a scattering of moss, Lumian detected no signs of life at
first glance.

Osta had already ceased advancing, observing from a safe distance as the
dangerous Beyonder meticulously combed through the riverside.

The pair maintained a distance of over ten meters, sporadically
progressing and halting.

Fifteen minutes elapsed, and Lumian's search bore no fruit.

Half an hour passed, and the situation remained unchanged.

As the path ahead began to constrict, Lumian's keen eye spotted some
anomalies.

By the riverbank, several rocks lay scattered, their edges tinged with
soil.

*A struggle here?* This thought nudged Lumian's heart as he
cautiously neared the area.

He crouched down, setting the carbide lamp aside and examined the
vicinity with careful scrutiny.

Soon enough, he discovered a pair of footprints and signs of something
being dragged away.

Yet, where these traces led, the river flowed transparent and calm. The
riverbed was clearly visible and bore no hint of lurking dangers.

*Drip. *A solitary droplet of liquid landed on Lumian's nape.

It was chilly and adhesive.

An immediate sense of peril overwhelmed Lumian. Without delay, he jerked
his head upwards.

In the cavernous interlude between stalactites, a glistening figure of
grayish-white writhed.

Its head resembled a python, the body slick with scales akin to a fish.
From where fins should have been, emerged two arms and a single leg,
eerily human-like.

The monster's mouth gaped open, unveiling a neat row of ferocious white
teeth. From its mouth corner dripped a viscous and foul-smelling liquid.

In the following heartbeat, the monster pounced, soaring towards Lumian.

Crouched on the ground, Lumian tumbled backwards.

Simultaneously, his body coiled like a spring, catapulting his right leg
upwards in a swift whip-like motion.

With a satisfying crack, Lumian, teetering on the brink of falling,
landed a solid kick on the airborne monster who failed to evade the
strike, hurling it towards the opposing stone wall.

*Crash!*

The monster collided with the rocky facade.

Lumian was back on his feet, charging at his opponent with the feral
urgency of a cheetah.

As the monster slid off the wall, Lumian's form was mirrored in its
muddy yellow eyes.

Lumian reached out, seizing its arm.

The monster didn't evade but opened its palm to welcome the assault.

Each of its digits sprouted sharp scales, glinting ominously with a deep
blue sheen.

Without warning, Lumian twisted his elbow and flicked his wrist,
clasping the monster's wrist with both hands to thwart the menacing blue
scales.

He then extended his right foot, sweeping away the monster's lone leg.

With just one leg, the monster was powerless to resist. Its only option
was to harness Lumian's grip on its wrist to propel itself upward, its
solitary leg trailing behind and its monstrous maw leading the charge,
ready to devour Lumian's entire head.

At this critical moment, Lumian relinquished his hold, lowered his
stance, and rolled towards the stone wall.

*Thud!*

The aquatic monster landed heavily behind him.

In a fluid motion, Lumian swiveled, snatching the monster's leg.
Channeling his strength from the core, he swung it towards the stone
wall.

*Crash!*

The monster's skull crumpled upon impact.

Lumian didn't pause. He maintained his swinging momentum, battering the
monster against the pillar, the wall, and the floor, with dark-red blood
and pale yellow fluid splattering everywhere.

Amid the pounding sounds, craters formed on the stone wall, and the
monster's skull started to fragment, the contents spilling out in a
gruesome red tide.

More than ten meters away, Osta Trul stood agape, utterly mesmerized by
the violent spectacle.

*How savage!*

*Incredible!*

*Thump! *Lumian unceremoniously dropped the mutilated, lifeless
aquatic monster onto the ground.