---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1641
index: 172
section: vol2
slug: 172
title: Superintendent
---

## Chapter 172: Superintendent

After concealing the body, Baron Brignais nonchalantly addressed Lumian,
his curiosity piqued.

"I must say, I'm quite intrigued. How did you manage to eliminate
'Hammer' Ait?"

Lumian didn't hold back, revealing everything. He retrieved an empty
metal canister and placed it on the table before him.

"What's this?" Baron Brignais examined it carefully for a few moments.

"Remember when I ventured underground earlier today?" Lumian grinned. "I
encountered a deviant individual and, quite accidentally, dispatched
him. He happened to possess this gaseous sedative and its corresponding
antidote."

"After infiltrating 'Hammer' Ait's washroom, I consumed the antidote and
patiently awaited his arrival. When he entered, I unscrewed the sedative
and engaged him in close combat. I restrained him, preventing his escape
until the sedative took effect."

Baron Brignais pondered for a brief moment, confirming the plausibility
of this plan. Satisfied, he nodded and remarked, "The washroom is rather
confined, and the gaseous sedative will quickly permeate the space.
Moreover, there's no ventilation to speak of. Considering 'Hammer' Ait's
cautious nature and his guard against our Savoie Mob, he wouldn't offer
an easy opportunity for infiltration."

"The gunmen stationed outside wouldn't dare to open fire, lest they
accidentally eliminate 'Hammer' Ait. They might even struggle to unlock
the restroom door."

Baron Brignais spoke with such conviction that it seemed he had
witnessed the scene firsthand.

Louis and the others silently acknowledged the validity of this
analysis.

Having understood the intricacies, they realized that Ciel's ability to
dispatch "Hammer" Ait within such a short span of time wasn't as
implausible as they had initially thought.

Ciel had indeed discovered a path to success and skillfully utilized the
resources at his disposal.

Under this plan, as long as his combat prowess didn't significantly pale
in comparison to "Hammer" Ait's, he had a considerable chance of dealing
with the traitor.

Naturally, achieving success necessitated strength, a stroke of luck,
decisiveness, audacity, and adeptness in gathering intelligence.

Ciel's terror was undeniable, yet it wasn't as horrifying as they had
envisioned.

Baron Brignais further commended Lumian's sagacity, albeit slightly
displeased that he had transported "Hammer" Ait's lifeless body to Salle
de Bal Brise after accomplishing the deed. It had nearly brought
calamity upon him.

Nevertheless, Baron Brignais harbored no intention of reprimanding him.

Upon reflection, he realized that the fault lay primarily with himself.

*It seems I habitually exude an excessive air of confidence and
intellect. As if nothing can perplex me. No wonder he assumes that I can
provide ample protection and remain unafraid of 'Black Scorpion'
Roger.*

*I even proposed this operation. It's only natural for him to believe
that I've already made all necessary preparations.*

As they conversed, time slipped away. Before long, a guard from the
Savoie Mob stationed at the entrance on the first floor ascended and
approached Baron Brignais, conveying a message.

"Baron, Superintendent Everett has arrived."

"Please, bring him up." Baron Brignais stood and made his way toward the
staircase.

Travis Everett served as the superintendent at the police headquarters
of Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman. He held one of the highest
positions when it came to carrying out tasks. Above him stood a few
deputy directors with the rank of chief superintendent, and overseeing
everything was the police commissioner of the district.

Baron Brignais enjoyed conversing with Everett. Emperor Roselle's words
described him as the epitome of a "Mr. Nice Guy." He preferred not to
delve into the truth, simply hoping for harmonious interactions and a
lack of trouble. He possessed a remarkable ability to resolve conflicts
between the mobs in the market district.

Ten seconds later, the officer led his two subordinates into the café on
the second floor.

Travis Everett appeared to be around 30 years old and stood nearly 1.75
meters tall. His black hair was cropped short, and he wore glasses with
relatively large black frames that framed his blue eyes. His chin was
slightly broad.

Dressed in a black police uniform, his epaulets showcased five-petaled
irises in silver-white against the black background. This indicated his
rank as a superintendent. If there were seven petals, he would hold the
rank of chief superintendent, and above that, an off-white diamond
square.

Travis Everett looked at the smiling Baron Brignais and asked with a
stern expression, "What just happened? Please don't tell me there was an
explosion at the entrance of Salle de Bal Brise, and you have no idea
who did it!"

"Monsieur Superintendent, please have a seat." Baron Brignais guided
Travis Everett to a wooden table and personally pulled out a chair for
him.

Lumian, disguising himself as one of the thugs alongside Louis and the
others, stood behind Baron Brignais, avoiding direct confrontation with
the officers to prevent recognition as a wanted criminal.

Baron Brignais picked up his mahogany pipe and gazed at Travis Everett
across from him. With a grave expression, he spoke, "'Hammer' Ait is
dead. I was concerned that 'Black Scorpion' Roger would go into a
frenzy, so I detonated the explosives and drew everyone's attention.
Rest assured, Monsieur Superintendent, I carefully chose the location of
the blast. I didn't harm or seriously injure anyone."

Travis Everett raised his right hand, adjusted his black-framed glasses,
and pointed at Baron Brignais.

"Can you all refrain from causing so much trouble? The parliamentary
election is taking place next week. Do you want us to embarrass
ourselves in front of our future superior?

"I don't care about your intentions, nor do I wish to know your motives.
All I desire is a peaceful market district.

"If something similar occurs again, I will propose to Monsieur Aymerck
that Bureau 8 and the two Churches form a joint investigative team to
handle your Savoie Mob!"

Aymerck served as one of Trier's police commissioners, overseeing Le
Marché du Quartier du Gentleman.

Travis Everett did not mention the death of "Hammer" Ait directly, but
he employed it as a warning to Baron Brignais.

Baron Brignais responded with a smile, "Monsieur Superintendent, fear
not. For the next two weeks, we shall strictly adhere to the law. I am
merely concerned about the Poison Spur Mob..."

Travis Everett nodded and let out a sigh.

"Emperor Roselle proclaimed that peace brings prosperity. If you do
encounter any disputes, you can seek me out for a tribunal."

He then turned to the two lower-ranking officers beside him and said,
"Let us return now and find someone to keep a close watch on the leaders
of the Poison Spur Mob. We must ensure they behave."

The superintendent rose from his seat and extended his arms.

"Praise the Sun!"

"Praise the Sun!" Baron Brignais also stood up, echoing the sentiment.

As Travis Everett and his companions descended the stairs, Lumian
muttered quietly to himself, *Do people in positions of power always
enjoy quoting Emperor Roselle? We lower-class individuals are different.
We curse and use crude language as needed. The sense of a sentence
doesn't depend on who utters it...*

Nearly half an hour later, Baron Brignais turned to Lumian and spoke,
"'Black Scorpion' Roger and the others should be under surveillance.
There is no immediate danger.

"You may return to Auberge du Coq Doré to rest now. Come here at 10:30
a.m. tomorrow. I will take you to meet the boss."

"Alright," Lumian replied with a smile. "Thank you, Baron."

He then inquired, "According to the rules, since I was the one who
killed 'Hammer' Ait, all his belongings belong to me, correct?"

"That is correct," Baron Brignais confirmed, displaying a generous
nature when it came to such matters.

He motioned for Louis to bring over the black revolver, bullet bag,
bayonet, and stack of intelligence.

"These are yours as well."

Lumian fastened the holster under his left armpit and stowed away the
other items before entering the room where "Hammer" Ait's lifeless body
lay.

Ensuring no one was tailing him, he squatted down and unbuttoned the
corpse's shirt.

There, he discovered a golden-red ball resembling the morning clouds and
sunset, with a faint flickering light dancing within.

This was a Pugilist Beyonder characteristic!

Lumian happily pocketed it and proceeded to search "Hammer" Ait's
pockets. He found 116 verl d'or and 17 coppet notes and coins, along
with a pair of boxing gloves made of steel-like material, adorned with
several sharp spikes.

For Lumian, this bounty far exceeded the satisfaction of hunting Margot.

On his way back to Auberge du Coq Doré, only sporadic gas street lamps
illuminated the path. Lumian weaved through the intersecting shadows,
sensing pairs of eyes fixated on him.

*Is 'Black Scorpion' Roger commanding the deceased or using other
Beyonder abilities to keep tabs on me? Or am I simply being overly
vigilant and imagining things? *Lumian muttered, raising his
right hand to massage his temples.

He activated his Spirit Vision but found nothing amiss.

The unsettling feeling of being watched gradually faded away.

___

In the three-story building with a garden at 126 Avenue du Marché.

The imposing "Black Scorpion" Roger, with his piercing deep-blue eyes,
and the charming "Baldy" Harman walked back through the door.

The ten members of the Poison Spur Mob, who had been waiting anxiously,
felt the air grow tense and their fear heightened. None of them dared to
utter a word, as if they were facing an impending storm.

After a tense silence that lasted for more than ten seconds, "Baldy"
Harman gritted his teeth and spoke up,

"That Ciel doesn't take us seriously. The Savoie Mob has been provoking
us repeatedly. They must pay the price!"

"Black Scorpion" Roger shared Harman's sentiment, feeling equally
provoked by Ciel. He spoke in a low, commanding voice,

"We cannot let this matter go unaddressed!"

*Phew...* Roger exhaled heavily and motioned for the other
members of the Poison Spur Mob to leave.

Only Harman remained, and Roger continued, "But we are being targeted by
the police. It is highly likely that official Beyonders will be
involved. We cannot seek revenge for the time being.

"Brignais is no ordinary opponent. He is cunning and intelligent.

"When Monsieur Artois is elected to parliament, Lady Moon will grant us
a new boon. At that time, I will extract Brignais's brain and feed it to
the stray dogs!

"However, we cannot remain idle. When the surveillance on us becomes
less vigilant, I will seize the opportunity to assassinate Ciel!

"If the Savoie Mob can assassinate our men, then we can do the same to
theirs!"

___

At Auberge du Coq Doré, Lumian had just reached Room 207 when he sensed
something. He turned his head and directed his gaze towards the nearby
balcony.

"Come out," he said with a resigned sigh. "Madame Jenna."