---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1685
index: 216
section: vol2
slug: 216
title: Acting Guidance
---

## Chapter 216: Acting Guidance

Lumian wasn't sure if Jenna's bounty would have consequences for her
family, so he turned to Franca, hoping she could use her connections to
persuade the official Beyonders to overlook a mere apprentice actress.

Franca didn't hide her dilemma.

Helping to hide something was not an issue for someone like 007, but if
they expected him to meticulously cover for someone during the
operation, two conditions had to be met. First, he had to be involved in
the operation and responsible for investigating the apprentice
actresses. Second, he needed some information about Jenna to determine
whom he should assist.

Franca didn't believe that 007 happened to be in the market district by
chance. At best, he could pass on information. The chances of him being
directly in charge of the operations were highly unlikely.

"I can try, but I can't make any promises," Franca replied, looking at
Jenna with concern, trying to offer some comfort without making any
definite commitments.

Jenna acknowledged her words briefly, feeling a bit relieved, but she
still struggled to come up with another solution.

Lumian pondered for a moment and said teasingly, "You're just an
apprentice actress. Why are you so anxious?

"Even if the official Beyonders investigate everyone in Théâtre de
l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, they won't waste much effort on you. Think
about it. You've only been in the market district for a short time, and
you haven't even become an apprentice actress yet. You don't even have a
chance to play a minor supporting role. How could you be a female member
of the Bliss Society?"

"That's right," Franca interjected. "You spend most of your time singing
in bars and dance halls rather than interacting with the cult of Théâtre
de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons. You're in the least suspicious group. If
you tell the investigators the truth, you might not have to undergo any
further tests of your Beyonder powers."

Lumian added with a smile, "And even if they do test you, it will mainly
be to determine if you believe in the Mother Tree of Desire, or if
you're a Scrooge or a Sex Addict. And you definitely don't fall into any
of those categories.

"This is a blind spot for the official Beyonders during their
investigations, and you can take advantage of it.

"Didn't you mention your excellent acting skills? Now is the time to
showcase them!"

"Yes... When the Sun rises, go to Église Saint-Robert and pray. Get an
accessory that reveals your identity as a believer of the Eternal
Blazing Sun, and wear it. When you enter Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à
Pigeons, whether or not the official Beyonders arrive, praise the Sun
frequently."

"Evil god believers rarely engage in such actions. It will effectively
set you apart from them. If the official Beyonders notice these details,
there's a good chance they'll consider you trustworthy."

Jenna's eyes sparkled as she listened.

"That's right.

"A devout apprentice actress who believes in the Eternal Blazing Sun and
has only recently joined Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons won't
switch to an evil god so easily. They only need to conduct a simple
investigation..."

"As long as I lead them to search for Beyonder powers in connection with
the believers of the evil god, they probably won't suspect that I became
a Beyonder due to other encounters..."

The more Jenna spoke, the more her excitement grew. She placed the stack
of clothes on her lap and stood up.

She paced back and forth, making gestures as if she were embodying a
devoted apprentice actress who believed in the Eternal Blazing Sun.

*Madame, it appears you're not a true follower of the Eternal Blazing
Sun. Otherwise, you wouldn't have needed to rehearse
beforehand*, Lumian clicked his tongue and criticized.

Charlie, who had been listening, was taken aback.

*Is "Little Minx" Jenna also someone with magical powers?*

*I'm the only ordinary person here...*

Jenna's performance, even in the presence of imaginary official
Beyonders, gradually bolstered her confidence.

Franca observed quietly, her eyes flickering, her mind filled with
trivial thoughts.

*If Jenna and I possessed the powers of an Actor, we would make perfect
cosplayers, capable of becoming anything we desired. Tsk tsk...*
she thought to herself.

After some time, Jenna regained her composure and looked at Charlie
warily.

"I've heard that you enjoy giving speeches in bars and twisting other
people's secrets into stories.

"If you dare to fucking reveal my Beyonder powers, I'll hand you over to
a homosexual Sex Addict. Heh heh, just imagine the suffering you'll
endure."

Charlie couldn't help but pause for a moment. He shuddered and raised
his right hand.

"Praise the Sun. I swear in God's name that I won't divulge your secret!

"I just mentioned that you and Ciel became lovers..."

Charlie suddenly stopped, sensing the strange atmosphere in the living
room once again.

Lumian shrugged at Franca, signaling that it was merely a rumor.

Jenna scoffed.

"Will you also spread the rumor that Franca joined Ciel and me to form a
stable love triangle?"

"No," Charlie quickly shook his head.

At the same time, he found the idea rather intriguing. It hadn't
occurred to him before.

Jenna settled back into the armchair and continued to recount her
knowledge of Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons.

Lumian and Franca listened attentively, occasionally posing questions to
guard against potential threats.

___

In Underground Trier.

A figure with a lantern in hand moved cautiously along a familiar path,
searching for something.

This person, of average height, wore a black tailcoat, a matching bow
tie, and a half top hat. His face had a square shape, with short and
thick eyebrows. The lines on his face were etched deep, and he sported a
well-groomed brownish-yellow beard, carefully waxed at the tips.

The lantern's flickering light cast eerie shadows on his countenance,
lending him an air of profound melancholy.

After walking for some time, the man halted, his gaze directed towards a
section of the tunnel that had suffered a slight cave-in.

His dark brown eyes narrowed, focusing intently for a moment, before he
suddenly dropped to all fours, his nose twitching.

*The scent of gunpowder... and blood...* The man rose solemnly
to his feet and approached the collapsed area.

Through the layers of debris, he seemed to discern the glimpse of an
incomplete corpse.

___

The atmosphere on Rue des Blouses Blanches was much quieter at night
compared to Rue Anarchie. Except for the occasional clamor caused by
passing carriages and the inebriated stumbling their way home, the night
seemed to have fallen into a stillness.

From time to time, a distant gunshot would break the silence, its echo
piercing through the night only to be swallowed by the darkness and
moonlight.

Lumian and his companions engaged in intermittent conversation, their
nerves on edge, apprehensive that shadows might suddenly emerge from the
darkness beyond the window.

Time dragged on slowly. For Charlie, it felt like awaiting a verdict. He
was restless, anxious, yet filled with a glimmer of hope.

Finally, the distant skyline began to be tinged with a golden-red hue.
Before long, the entire night was bathed in the crimson light.

"We should be safe now," Franca declared, sitting upright in her
recliner.

Lumian glanced at Charlie and noticed that his luck was no longer
drenched in blood-red. It had returned to its normal state, and there
were even hints of prosperity.

The immediate crisis has been averted, but if Susanna Mattise manages to
escape, will Charlie obtain a position with the authorities? Lumian
pondered over it and nodded.

"For the time being, all I can say is that we should be fine."

Through this encounter, he confirmed one thing: even without the Luck
Transference Spell, human luck could change.

He felt that the future was shaped by multiple factors. Different
choices could lead to diverse outcomes.

If Lumian had followed Osta Trul and provided protection instead of
forewarning him of impending disaster, perhaps he wouldn't have suffered
injuries. However, that didn't guarantee a turn for the better. Lumian's
protection might have implicated Osta Trul, leading him to be dragged to
the river's depths by another water ghost, losing his life.

*Does inevitability imply that regardless of the choices one makes, a
predetermined fate will inevitably manifest? *Lumian turned his
gaze towards Jenna, the underground songstress and apprentice actress.

Jenna possessed average luck---neither filled with fortuitous encounters
nor beset by grave dangers.

In high spirits, Jenna furrowed her brow and asked, "Why are you staring
at me?"

After a night of acclimatizing, she refrained from uttering vulgarities
and put more thought into her words.

Lumian pointed to his eye sockets.

"Are you planning to go to Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons looking
like that?"

"Oh, right! I haven't taken off my makeup!" Jenna exclaimed, getting up
and rushing into the washroom with a stack of clothes.

Franca stood up and stretched, paying no mind to her appearance.

She glanced at the washroom and whispered to Lumian, "Will the act be
convincing?"

"Yes," Lumian replied with confidence.

Previously, he hadn't been entirely sure, but after observing Jenna's
current state of luck, he was more certain.

Franca chose to place her trust in Lumian.

"I'll keep a close watch on her as well."

She clicked her tongue and let out a sigh.

"You seem rather skilled at deceiving the official Beyonders. Just as I
expected from a..."

She mouthed the final words silently---"wanted criminal."

*Not just deceiving the official Beyonders...* Lumian whispered
to himself, pointing at Charlie.

"I'll take him back to Auberge du Coq Doré to rest, just in case the
official Beyonders can't locate him. I'll leave Jenna in your care."

"You make it sound like she's truly your lover. Asking me to look after
her," Franca retorted with a sour tone.

By the time Jenna finished removing her makeup and changing her clothes,
Lumian and Charlie had already departed. Franca had also informed 007
about the altar, the Actors, and the other information she had gathered.

At that moment, Jenna's face was no longer adorned with smoky eyes,
pronounced blush, and fiery lips. She appeared clean-faced, albeit a bit
fatigued.

As Jenna braided her brownish-yellow hair, she glanced at the door and
grinned at Franca.

"When did you become involved with Ciel? Aren't you afraid the Boss will
find out?"

Franca chuckled.

"Him? It'll be far too sinful; I can't bring myself to do it."

"Why?" Jenna couldn't comprehend.

To her understanding, Franca's moral boundaries weren't that strict.
Ciel was only a few months away from adulthood.

Franca pondered her words and responded, "After getting to know him
better, I discovered that he's the younger brother of one of my
relatives."

"So you're related by blood." Jenna nodded in understanding.

However, her attention quickly shifted. After securing her braids, she
pointed towards the door.

"I'm going to Église Saint-Robert to offer my prayers."

"I'll follow you discreetly to ensure nothing untoward happens." Franca
retrieved some fluorescent powder and, with an incantation, blended it
in to conceal herself.

*When will I become a Witch...* Jenna averted her gaze
enviously, opened the door, and stepped outside.