---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1706
index: 237
section: vol2
slug: 237
title: Concealment
---

## Chapter 237: Concealment

"So? Do you know him?" Franca glanced at Lumian, seeking his insight.

Lumian shifted his gaze away from the mirror, its reflection gradually
fading, and spoke with a deep voice, "He's one of Hugues Artois's men. I
spotted him during the campaign."

Franca furrowed her brow, closing her makeup mirror and inquiring, "What
happened?"

Lumian recounted the encounter between Ruhr and Michel, concluding,
"There's something suspicious about this man."

Franca sighed, remarking, "They're already in such dire straits as
scavengers, and yet they still have to face such a situation..."

She scoffed, adding, "Considering Lady Moon's endorsement of Hugues
Artois as an open-minded individual, it wouldn't surprise me if he
surrounds himself with peculiar characters."

Pausing to look at Lumian, Franca continued, "Hugues Artois is now a
member of parliament. He'll have both visible and covert protection. If
we make a move against him or his associates, we'll easily be tracked
down. The consequences would be severe."

"Let's entrust this matter to the official Beyonders for further
investigation. I can't guarantee much else. At the very least, the
Inquisition's Purifiers and members of the Machinery Hivemind won't turn
a blind eye to such affairs. They will find a way to uncover the truth
and assess the situation," Franca suggested.

Lumian nodded slowly and inquired, "Then which Sequence or pathway could
it be? Can phlegm transmit such a deadly disease?"

As he made his way from Auberge du Coq Doré to Rue des Blouses Blanches,
Lumian diligently recalled the twenty-two paths of the divine detailed
in Aurore's grimoires but found no match for the current circumstances.

Franca pondered deeply and said, "My understanding of the twenty-two
paths of the divine is similar to your sister's, but I have a more
comprehensive knowledge of certain aspects. I can only think of one
pathway that fits the criteria, but it's of a higher level and exclusive
to women. It doesn't align with the target's situation."

"Hmm... Considering we've encountered the Great Mother and the Blessed
of the Mother Tree of Desire, could our target be someone blessed by
another evil deity?"

"Heh heh, if it truly involves the faith of an evil god, the Beyonders
from both Churches will undoubtedly intensify their efforts."

"Yes, Ruhr's death is peculiar indeed. As long as the investigating
police aren't blind, they'll swiftly report it to their superiors, who
will assign someone capable to handle the case."

Lumian acknowledged her words briefly, his expression softening.

After bidding farewell to Franca, he made his way back to Auberge du Coq
Doré.

As he walked past the reception desk, Madame Fels rose to her feet, a
mix of fear and flattery evident in her voice as she greeted, "Good
morning, Monsieur Ciel."

A few days ago, the police had informed her that Monsieur Ive was
believed to be involved in a cult and had become a wanted criminal. They
had requested her to use the rental income to cover expenses and ensure
the motel's smooth operation during this period. Additionally, they
wanted her to keep a record of the accounts. Once the elections were
over, they would settle the matter of Auberge du Coq Doré's ownership
promptly.

Madame Fels felt uneasy, fearing that the new boss would dismiss her.
Subconsciously, she tried to win Ciel's favor, hoping that a leader of
the Savoie Mob would stand up for her when the time came. Whoever took
control of Auberge du Coq Doré would not want to offend the
corresponding mob, unless they had influential connections.

"Good morning," Lumian replied simply. He walked along the wall, covered
in newspapers and pink paper to conceal stains, cracks, and bedbugs,
making his way up to the third floor.

He had locked the door to Room 302 before the other tenants on the third
floor had awakened, so as of yet, no one had discovered the lifeless
bodies of Ruhr and Michel.

Madame Michel's singing before she took her own life had failed to
disturb the neighbors. To those residing on Rue Anarchie, various noises
during the night were commonplace. Singing, gunshots, brawls, shouting,
and sporting activities were nothing worth paying attention to.

Lumian returned the silk handkerchief to its hidden spot in the washroom
before pausing in front of Room 302. Extending his left hand clad in a
black glove, he turned the handle and opened the creaking wooden door.

Madame Michel's lifeless form hung silently in the room. The aroma of
food mingled with the surrounding stench of garbage, filling the space
as the light grew brighter.

Lumian gazed at the scene for over ten seconds before slowly turning
away, preparing to leave.

___

It was nearly eight o'clock when the two police officers arrived at
Auberge du Coq Doré. They spotted Lumian, who had disguised himself
using the Mystery Prying Glasses.

"Why is there another death?" grumbled the officer who had previously
interrogated Lumian.

His face was rugged, lacking in handsome features, and bore the marks of
age.

Lumian responded calmly, "One died of illness. I'm no doctor, unable to
save him."

"And the other one?" the officer pressed for more information.

Lumian replied honestly, "She took her own life after the blow."

The older-looking policeman furrowed his brow and entered Room 302,
accompanied by his partner.

The first sight that greeted them was Madame Michel's lifeless body
hanging from the window frame. The officer instinctively covered his
nose.

The place was far too filthy and foul-smelling!

Next, his gaze fell upon Ruhr's decaying corpse, observing the
putrefying flesh and spilled blood.

"Son of a bitch, you call this an illness?" he couldn't help but turn to
Lumian, his eyes filled with shock and fear.

Lumian briefly recounted the events of the previous night, omitting the
fact that Ruhr's condition had worsened while he was at Roblin Clinic
and had been revived by half a bottle of Healing Agent. Lumian
attributed the credit to The Fool Pharmaceuticals' fever-reducing
medicine.

He also mentioned his suspicion that the Ruhrs had encountered an
infectious source within the pile of garbage they had collected the
previous night, causing them to sleep in Room 307. Lumian brought up
Madame Michel's mention of a silk handkerchief in the washroom as well.

The more the two officers listened, the quieter they became, their
expressions slightly off.

After Lumian finished speaking, they hurried to the washroom to confirm
the presence of the silk handkerchief.

The older-looking officer glanced at Ciel outside and whispered to his
partner, "Another mysticism incident. Stay here and guard the scene.
I'll report the situation."

The other officer nodded.

"No problem."

Lumian observed as they divided the tasks, patiently awaiting the
arrival of the official Beyonders.

In less than half an hour, the older-looking policeman returned to
Auberge du Coq Doré, alone.

*Where are the official Beyonders? *Lumian's eyes widened in
surprise.

The older-looking policeman avoided Lumian's gaze and pulled his partner
to the end of the corridor, engaging in a hushed conversation.

Lumian stood at a distance, straining his ears to catch their words, but
they remained unintelligible.

After a while, the older-looking officer approached Lumian, his
expression grave.

"We've preliminarily determined it as death due to illness and suicide."

*No further investigation? *Lumian's eyebrows twitched in
disbelief.

The officer repeated what he had said when they had taken Flameng's body
away. He donned gloves, carefully placed the silk handkerchief into a
cloth bag, and secured it tightly.

Lumian silently observed as they removed the corpses, wrapped Ruhr's
body, and placed him in a body bag. Numerous thoughts raced through his
mind.

*Even though he died in such a manner, the official Beyonders don't find
it suspicious? No need for further investigation?*

*Or perhaps the police officer didn't report the matter, and the
official Beyonders remain unaware?*

*Could someone have intervened and persuaded them to treat this as an
ordinary death case, not involving any criminal offense?*

"..."

With these thoughts swirling in his mind, Lumian quietly followed the
officer carrying the two bodies to the carriage.

From a distance, he trailed them, detecting the lingering odor emanating
from Ruhr's and Michel's bodies. He tracked them all the way to the
entrance of the police headquarters in the market district.

Lumian furrowed his brow as he observed uniformed police officers
entering and exiting the building.

His initial suspicion was that an officer from the police headquarters
had halted the investigation, but he couldn't confirm the identity.

Even if he were to enter the police headquarters, given the
circumstances and his own status, it would be impossible for him to
trace their steps all the way to the relevant office. If he observed
from outside, he wouldn't be able to discern who might be involved from
the people coming out.

Lumian pondered the direction of his investigation once more.

*Get Franca to use divination?*

*But there's no medium available...*

*Alternatively... Why did the officer stop the investigation? Was he
aware that someone would be implicated, or had someone already alerted
him to such matters beforehand?*

*If it's the latter, there's a high chance that he holds considerable
influence within the parliamentarian's office...*

Lumian's heart stirred as he left the entrance of the police
headquarters and swiftly arrived outside the four-story khaki-colored
building that housed the parliamentarian's office in the market
district.

Taking cover in an alley across the street, he found himself in the
company of a group of vagrants.

Before long, his eyes landed on an officer.

The officer was plump, in his early forties, with brown hair and blue
eyes. Three-petaled silver-white sweet irises adorned his black
epaulets.

This indicated that he was a chief inspector, one rank lower than a
superintendent.

As Lumian watched the chief inspector enter the parliamentarian's
office, a smile curled upon his lips.

___

In the khaki-colored four-story building, on the second floor...

Tybalt, his face pale and his hair curly and yellow, entered the office
of the member of parliament's secretary.

The secretary, a man in his thirties with neatly combed back black hair
and blue eyes hidden behind gold-rimmed glasses, possessed refined
features and an air of sophistication.

He glanced at Tybalt, who was coughing, and tossed a cloth bag on the
table. With a cold expression, he spoke, "We've recovered your
handkerchief."

Tybalt, his dark-yellow hair curly, was attired in a black suit. He
smiled and replied, "That was quick."

"You bastard!" the member of parliament's secretary cursed. "Do you not
realize that your phlegm can spread diseases to others? Aren't you
afraid of attracting the attention of the two Churches?"

Tybalt's brown eyes remained indifferent as he nonchalantly remarked,
"At most, two or three commoners might die. No one would care about
them. I've been sick for far too long without receiving a new boon. It
frustrates me, and it makes me want to kill someone."

The member of parliament's secretary stared at him for a few seconds
before admonishing in a deep voice, "If I hadn't taken precautions in
advance, the Purifiers would have come looking for you. Your life is
inconsequential. Don't jeopardize us! Tybalt, there will be no next
time."

Tybalt shrugged, accepting the reprimand.