---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1709
index: 240
section: vol2
slug: 240
title: Bewitchment
---

## Chapter 240: Bewitchment

Lumian cast a contemplative gaze at Jenna, his lips forming a tight
line.

"You lack the awareness of an Assassin and the understanding that you've
stepped into the realm of mysticism. Had you possessed such insight, you
might have joined mysticism gatherings through Franca and procured
valuable resources in the past month or two. Though they may not rival
the potency of my healing agent, it would have been a proactive step
instead of watching your mother's condition deteriorate."

Jenna, instead of erupting in a fit of humiliation and resorting to
vulgar retorts, remained silent for a few moments before curtly
acknowledging his words.

This response left Lumian at a loss. He clicked his tongue and spoke
again.

"Of course, considering your financial constraints and the weight of
debts and tuition fees, even if you were to participate in these
mysticism gatherings, you wouldn't be able to afford much. It would be
more of an opportunity to earn money or valuable items by accepting
commissions."

Just then, Jenna's brother, Julien, arrived with a doctor and two
nurses.

The doctor glanced at Elodie with a puzzled expression and inquired, "I
recall that there was no need to resuscitate her..."

"You remembered incorrectly," Lumian calmly interjected.

The doctor, overwhelmed by the influx of injured patients, had his
memories tangled and disorganized. Upon hearing Lumian's remark, he
assumed he must have mistaken the person. Consequently, he swiftly
tended to Elodie's remaining external injuries and arranged for her to
be carried into the carriage, awaiting transportation to the hospital.

___

Connected to Quartier de Noël and the bustling market district, stood
Passy Bridge, one of the five bridges that stretched over the mighty
Srenzo River in the city of Trier.

Nestled beside Passy Bridge was the Holy Palace Hospital, generously
funded by the Eternal Blazing Sun Church. Elodie, a devout follower of
the Eternal Blazing Sun, had been admitted to this renowned
establishment. Placed on the top floor of the white six-story building,
she shared a ward with five other patients.

Jenna watched as doctors and nurses meticulously drew blood, conducted
examinations, and administered intravenous drips. A soft sigh escaped
her lips.

"The hospital has undergone quite a transformation in the past few
years..."

"Oh?" Lumian was puzzled.

Jenna's expression darkened as she replied, "A few years ago, when my
father and the others were brought to the hospital, the more severe
cases were immediately taken to the operating room. Those with lesser
injuries were simply bandaged and given medication to gauge its
effectiveness. There was no blood being drawn, and the examinations were
rudimentary. It's completely different now. The entire process seems to
have changed."

"That's a good thing." Lumian nodded.

It looked more professional.

As the two spoke in hushed tones, Jenna's brother, Julien, diligently
assisted the doctors and nurses. He answered inquiries about the
patients' normal physical conditions, aided in moving IV stands, and was
dispatched to the pharmacy as needed.

However, even after the medical professionals in their white coats had
concluded their tasks, he had yet to return.

The doctor overseeing Elodie's care approached Jenna, holding a writing
board, and observed her rose-colored gown. His expression softened.

"Is Elodie your mother?" he inquired.

"Yes," Jenna confirmed with a nod.

The male doctor pondered for a moment before speaking, "Your mother's
condition is better than I anticipated. It seems surgery may not be
necessary at this time. Of course, this assessment is preliminary and
contingent upon the results of the tests we conducted.

"That's some good news. On the other hand, your mother has suffered
severe burns. She may need to remain hospitalized for months, half a
year, or even longer. Even if she recovers, she will likely be in a
weakened state.

"The Church's philanthropic foundation will cover the initial two days
of treatment. The remaining expenses will be deducted once the accident
insurance from the factory is settled. However, you must be prepared to
bear the subsequent costs yourself. It won't be a small sum. I must
caution you not to have excessive expectations of the accident
insurance. From my experience, it typically takes an average of three to
five years to obtain compensation. You must understand that our Intis
laws tend to favor factory owners and bankers in order to protect their
interests."

Jenna didn't hesitate for a moment.

"I will ensure my mother's full recovery."

Jenna had already contemplated the possibility of borrowing money from
both Franca and Lumian if she found herself in need of a substantial
sum. She was willing to repay them in installments at a later date.
Whether it meant making monthly or weekly payments for the treatment,
she was prepared to cut back and save, reducing her previous debt
payments, while also relying on her income as a part-time underground
singer.

However, this meant that her plan to remain an underground singer for
just one year, as she had initially intended, would need to be extended.
It seemed she might have to continue as an underground singer for two,
or even three, years.

The doctor briefly assessed Jenna's appearance and attire before giving
her the necessary instructions.

"Take this form and make a payment of 200 verl d'or at the payment
counter on the first floor."

*200...* Jenna breathed a sigh of relief. She signed the form
under her real name, Celia Bello, and took it with her as she descended
the stairs.

On her way down, she glanced at Lumian, who was by her side, and
hesitated before speaking.

"I-if I ever find myself in need of a large sum for medical fees in the
future, I think I would like to borrow from you."

Jenna had always been a stubborn individual with her own principles. In
the past, when she worked tirelessly to earn money in various dance
halls within the market district, the thought of borrowing from Franca
or asking for her help in securing an easy and lucrative part-time job
had never crossed her mind. But now, for the sake of her mother, Elodie,
she was willing to let go of her stubbornness in this regard.

Although Lumian had already "squandered" more than 700 verl d'or on
himself and received an advance from the proceeds he could obtain from
Salle de Bal Brise, he showed no signs of concern. He replied
nonchalantly, "Okay."

Jenna regarded him suspiciously.

"I thought you might hesitate for a moment. Franca mentioned that you
needed a significant sum of money for something important."

Lumian chuckled.

"That's for advancing and purchasing the main ingredient for Pyromaniac.
However, it doesn't prevent me from lending you money. As a Beyonder and
the leader of the Savoie Mob, even if I don't have a coppet at the
moment, I can assist you in acquiring the necessary funds.

"The simplest solution would be to have René sign a long-term contract
with you, advancing you 10,000 verl d'or. Then, 50% of your income from
the dance hall will be deducted each day to repay the loan in
installments. Once it's fully repaid, the contract will naturally be
terminated."

Jenna fell silent for a moment, realizing that something that had deeply
troubled her was easily resolved in Ciel's presence.

Lumian glanced at her and smirked.

"As an Assassin, you shouldn't fret about medical expenses like these.
If you aim to advance in the future, you'll need tens of thousands in
funds.

"You need to change your mindset now. Don't hold the law in such high
regard. As you heard earlier, Intis's laws don't protect the poor. We
can only protect ourselves.

"Once you've come to terms with this, we'll kidnap the former factory
owner and extract enough cash from him. After the verdict is announced
and he pays the compensation for your father's accident, you can donate
the money to someone in need.

"As long as we execute it cleanly, combined with Franca's
anti-divination measures, the likelihood of success is exceedingly high.
It won't leave a trace behind. It's improbable for a factory owner like
him to have Beyonder bodyguards."

Jenna's heart raced at his words. She hesitated for a moment before
speaking.

"It just doesn't sit right with me...

"Dammit, are you the Instigator, or will I become the Instigator? How
are you so adept at bewitching people?

"Eventually, you'll have to face the consequences of breaking the law,
won't you?"

Lumian smirked once again.

"I didn't finish. We only do what's necessary. We can't act recklessly.
Not only would it bring danger, but it could also increase the risk of
losing control. Kidnapping the factory owner is to reclaim the
compensation your family deserves."

Jenna fell silent once more.

Realizing they were about to reach the first floor, she hurriedly said,
"I need to use the washroom."

By the time she emerged from the washroom, she had a stack of 200 verl
d'or notes in her hand.

Seeing Jenna pay the initial treatment fee, Lumian glanced at her
rose-colored gown and commented,

"You can't tend to a patient dressed like this. I'll return to the dance
hall and fetch your clothes. I'll also help you secure some time off.

"If your mother's condition worsens, come to me or Franca immediately."

Having just examined Elodie's luck and confirmed that her condition was
no longer critical, though still uncertain of improvement, Lumian found
it somewhat chaotic. It might have been dependent on the hospital's
treatment effectiveness.

"Okay." Jenna pursed her lips and nodded.

___

On the second floor of Salle de Bal Brise.

Just as Lumian was about to inform Manager René about Jenna and ask him
to reschedule tonight's performance, Louis approached him.

Louis cast a quick glance around and lowered his voice.

"Boss, about half an hour ago, Boss sent someone to deliver a bag of
items to the financial safe. He said it was for you."

*Something from Boss... Supplementary ingredients for the Pyromaniac
potion? As expected of a Mid-Sequence Beyonder of the Hunter
pathway...* Lumian nodded slightly, pleased, and passed through
the café, entering the second-floor corridor.

Upon opening the safe, he felt a burning sensation.

Inside the grayish-white cloth bag were three glass bottles. One
contained bubbling crimson blood, from which flames burst with each
bubble. Another held blood-colored powder at the bottom, while the third
contained a finger-sized stone emitting a red fluorescent light.

*Fire Salamander blood, Redcrown Balsam powder, Magma Pyroxene...
Indeed, supplementary Pyromaniac ingredients... *Lumian picked
up the items, satisfied.

*†*

3 Rue des Blouses Blanches, outside Apartment 601.

Lumian, having left Salle de Bal Brise, headed straight to Franca's
place. He intended to borrow 4,000 verl d'or, using his share of the
Harvest Sacrifice as collateral.

Upon opening the door and seeing Lumian, Franca clicked her tongue and
remarked, "Did you hear? There was an explosion at a factory in the
southern part of the market district. Numerous incidents have been
occurring in the market district lately, giving me the sense that a
storm is brewing."

Upon hearing this, Lumian instantly recalled something.

He spoke in a deep voice, "There was an accident at the Goodville
Chemical Factory. This morning, the owner of the factory paid a visit to
the member of parliament's office."