---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1710
index: 241
section: vol2
slug: 241
title: Indomitable Spirit
---

## Chapter 241: Indomitable Spirit

After hearing Lumian's words, Franca exclaimed, "Dammit! Are we dealing
with those lot again? What's Hugues Artois up to?"

"I can't quite fathom the purpose behind causing a chemical plant
explosion either... Maybe it's just a coincidence. Bono Goodville and
Hugues Artois have quite a good relationship. It's not unusual for him
to pay a visit, but it just so happens that there was an explosion at
the chemical plant today," Lumian pondered before speaking.

He couldn't dismiss every coincidence in life, but he also couldn't
treat each one as a problem.

Franca nodded thoughtfully and remarked, "True enough.

"However, I must remind you that the chemical plant explosion isn't
meaningless. It may have already resulted in numerous deaths, and that
holds great significance for certain dark rituals. The living are always
the third-best sacrifice."

"Could this also be part of a ritual?" Lumian was somewhat taken aback.

Franca corrected him, "There's no real distinction between using a knife
to sacrifice someone and using a chemical plant explosion to kill the
intended victim as part of a ritual for the deity the host desires to
invoke. Your understanding of ritualistic magic is still too narrow.
Some rituals may indeed require such explosions to be effective."

*It's akin to the Substitution Spell, requiring a substitute to assume
the identity to be replaced for an extended period before the
ritual.* Lumian grasped the idea.

Franca let out a sigh.

"This is merely my conjecture. It doesn't necessarily mean it's true.
However, we must alert the official Beyonders to be vigilant for signs
of a ritual and to investigate the role of the member of parliament's
office in this catastrophe.

"Fuck, if that bloke wasn't a member of parliament, I'd have captured
him tonight, strung him up from the ceiling, and given him a thrashing.
I'd interrogate him about his intentions and his connection to those
heretics.

"Sigh, in that explosion just now, countless individuals lost their
parents, spouses, siblings, or children. I wonder how many people are
praying, worrying, and suffering for their injured loved ones."

"Like Jenna," Lumian interjected.

Franca was momentarily stunned. "What did you say?"

"Jenna's mother works at the Goodville Chemical Factory. Didn't you
know?" Lumian inquired.

Franca was taken aback before asking with concern, "How is her mother?"

Lumian briefly recounted how he had accompanied Jenna to Rue
Saint-Hilaire in search of Elodie and had used the last bit of healing
agent to save her from near death.

Franca let out a sigh of relief and expressed in anguish, "Why wasn't I
there! Why wasn't I there!"

Lumian's lips twitched as he calmly said, "You still have a chance.
Jenna is fretting over the subsequent medical expenses."

"I'll go to the Holy Palace Hospital right away!" Franca's eyes lit up,
and she was about to dash out of the apartment.

Lumian hastily called out to her, "Don't forget to bring the Poison Spur
Mob's healing agent with you. I'm concerned that her condition might
worsen."

Just like Monsieur Ruhr.

Without waiting for Franca's response, he added, "Also, help Jenna bring
the dress she wore this morning."

"Right... I need to borrow 4,000 verl d'or from you and offer half of
the Harvest Sacrifice as collateral. I've already gathered the
supplementary ingredients for the Pyromaniac potion."

"So soon?" Franca exclaimed, taken aback. "I haven't even begun
searching for you!"

Lumian smirked once again.

"Last night, I ran into Boss at the entrance of the member of
parliament's office and confessed my plans to advance and about the
advance on my pay. I requested he keep an eye on the supplementary
ingredients for the Pyromaniac potion."

The more Franca listened, the more complicated her expression became.

"You're more cunning than I realized, kid... Confiding in Gardner about
this matter is indeed the best approach.

"However, can't you consider me? Don't you know that I also wanted to
help you gather the supplementary ingredients for the Pyromaniac potion
through Gardner? He's a Sequence 6 Conspirer or a Sequence 5 Hunter, and
he has a group of Hunters working with him. He won't be lacking in such
things. Luckily, I haven't approached him in the past two days.
Otherwise, he would have surely suspected that we were having an
affair."

Lumian had always assumed Franca would seek materials through the
Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society. He hadn't expected her to
approach Gardner Martin out of convenience and proximity, almost
exposing their secret relationship.

Franca returned to her room and retrieved a banknote worth 4,000 verl
d'or from somewhere. She handed it to Lumian and solemnly reminded him,
"Once you obtain the main ingredient, don't rush to concoct the potion.
You must ensure that your condition can withstand the impact of your
advancement. Otherwise, it's best to delay it for a while. The main
ingredient is much easier to preserve than the potion itself."

"I'm well aware," Lumian replied calmly.

After a moment of thought, he asked, "Before you go to Jenna, it would
be wise to inform the authorities. The explosion just happened, so there
might be some clues left behind."

"Yes," Franca agreed.

Before bidding farewell, Lumian asked curiously, "If the living are the
third-best sacrifice, what are the second-best and the best?"

"The second-best are beings with Beyonder characteristics. And the
best..." Franca smiled. "They are demigods."

___

Quartier de Noël, sixth floor of Holy Palace Hospital.

As Jenna returned to the ward from the washroom, she spotted her brother
Julien assisting their mother, Elodie, in tucking the corners of the
blanket.

Elodie remained unconscious, but her complexion showed signs of
improvement.

Julien stood up and beckoned his sister to the side. He whispered,
"Celia, don't fret about the upcoming medical expenses. I'll find a
solution. Keep attending your acting lessons at Théâtre de l'Ancienne
Cage à Pigeons."

Jenna's heart swelled with gratitude as she inquired, "Did the doctor
talk to you?"

"Yes, he just did." Julien nodded with solemnity.

Jenna pressed her lips together and assured him, "Don't worry. My
friends have agreed to lend me money. I can repay them over three years
with minimal interest. With my earnings as an underground singer and
your wages, if we are frugal, it should be enough without affecting our
respective apprenticeships."

There was a moment of silence as Julien pondered, before he finally
spoke, "That Ciel?"

"Yes, he's one of them, but I have other friends too. And Franca, the
'Red Boots' I mentioned last night." Jenna felt the need to clarify the
situation, fearing her brother might resort to extreme measures.

She recalled how two years ago, Julien had contemplated secretly selling
himself to Balam-Paz Import and Export Corporation, unbeknownst to their
mother, in order to become a disposable mercenary and repay all their
debts, allowing Jenna to pursue her dreams as an apprentice actress.
Fortunately, that plan had been thwarted in the end.

Just as Julien was about to respond, his gaze fell upon a tall, slender
woman standing at the ward's entrance.

She donned a blouse, light-colored breeches, a thin black-on-white
checkered tweed top, and vibrant red boots. Her long flaxen-colored hair
was tied back in a simple ponytail. With eyebrows that extended toward
her temples and eyes that sparkled with energy, she exuded an
irresistible charm.

Jenna eagerly approached her.

"Franca."

___

Rue des Blouses Blanches, inside the safe house.

Lumian, having acquired Sun Star and currently distilling its extract,
took a seat and awaited Madam Magician's response.

On the desk in front of him, Fire Salamander blood, Magma Pyroxene
powder, and Redcrown Balsam powder were neatly arranged.

Just as the Sun Star extract was about to be completed, the arm-height
"doll" dressed in a light-gold gown, with exquisite yet slightly
peculiar facial features, appeared on the windowsill.

It placed a metal biscuit tin on the windowsill and sniffed the air.

"Use this extract the next time you summon me."

"Alright." The request from the other party was so unusual that Lumian
was momentarily taken aback. His instinctive response was the only thing
he could offer.

In an instant, the puppet messenger vanished before his eyes. Lumian
opened the bright silver biscuit tin and beheld the small crimson
"heart" burning silently within.

Without hesitation, he grabbed a prepared beer mug and dropped in the
Pyromaniac Beyonder characteristic.

Immediately afterward, Lumian poured over 50 milliliters of Fire
Salamander blood into the cup.

With a sizzling sound, the crimson liquid evaporated, transforming into
a mist of blood that swirled around the "heart."

The Pyromaniac Beyonder characteristic softened considerably, its
surface rippling like the water of a lake.

Following the potion formula's instructions, Lumian added Magma Pyroxene
powder, Redcrown Balsam powder, and Sun Star extract into the beer mug.
As he did so, the blood mist surrounding the "heart" abruptly shrank,
giving rise to a yellowish liquid with red bubbles.

In Lumian's eyes, this was the Pyromaniac potion.

Rather than consuming it immediately, Lumian closed his eyes.

In his mind, he conjured images of Flameng's lifeless body dangling from
a window frame, the lunatic's will inscribed on a sheet of white paper.
He envisioned Monsieur Ruhr, his body ravaged by decay. He pictured
Madame Michel, drowning her sorrows in drink and singing boisterously,
only to ultimately meet her demise by hanging herself in the morning
light. He also saw the cries that echoed through Sifflet Square.

Then, he glimpsed his own stubborn and determined self as a wanderer. He
witnessed his unwavering spirit, refusing to surrender despite the
repeated blows. He envisioned an alternative outcome for himself. He
witnessed the sorrow, anger, powerlessness, and oppression that came
with pursuing hope, only to be engulfed by darkness.

The mocking laughter of fate resounded in his ears, igniting a raging
fire within his heart.

*If this is the unavoidable conclusion;*

*If this is the fate of insignificance,*

*If efforts yield no fruit, and hope remains forever out of
reach;*

*Then I shall fight with every ounce of my being to change it
all!*

*Even if there is no light ahead, and hope dwindles to a mere flicker, I
will fight until my last breath!*

*Motherfucker member of parliament!*

*Motherfucker Guillaume Bénet!*

*Motherfucker heretics!*

*Motherfucker Termiboros!*

*Motherfucker Inevitability!*

Lumian's eyes snapped open as he solidified his final acting principle
as a Provoker.

Provocation symbolized indomitable spirit!

He didn't need this for digestion assistance. With a fire raging within
his chest, he seized the beer mug and guzzled down the liquid.

It burned from his mouth, down his esophagus, into his stomach, and
seared into his heart.