---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1711
index: 242
section: vol2
slug: 242
title: Pyromaniac
---

## Chapter 242: Pyromaniac

Instantaneously, Lumian felt an inferno raging within him. The scorching
agony seared through his body and soul, engulfing him completely. This
sensation was not alien to him. Whether it was the dire wounds inflicted
during his pursuit of the flaming monster or the brink of losing control
while receiving a boon, all had set him ablaze.

In this very moment, the tormenting fire failed to extinguish the
blazing determination in his heart. He defied destiny, yearning to alter
the course of events, to incinerate the oppressive flames of despair and
desolation.

Instead of succumbing to the pain and collapsing to the ground, Lumian
remained upright. Clenching his teeth and contorting his face, he
refused to bow down.

Gradually, the agony became unbearable, and his body began to bend.
Nevertheless, Lumian mustered all his strength to straighten his back,
just as he had confronted Guillaume Bénet, the padre, and Termiboros,
who had unleashed a cataclysmic calamity upon Cordu.

Step by step, he lowered his body and raised it again. The scent of
singed flesh filled his nostrils, and the voice from infinity
reverberated in his ears.

A familiar, excruciating pain pierced his skull, eliciting an
involuntary cry. Cracks formed on his skin, and molten liquid akin to
lava coursed beneath.

Desperately, Lumian leaned on the desk before him, seeking support.

The spot he touched promptly blackened and charred, permeating the air
with the scent of burning timber.

His instinctive scream was stifled. His mouth hung open, expelling
searing gas.

Instead of immediately uncorking the vial of gray amber perfume, he
relied on the fire within his chest to combat the mounting anguish and
the increasingly hazy thoughts welling up from within.

Seconds ticked away. Lumian, with gritted teeth, sensed the flames
within his chest surging forth, mingling with the inferno raging
throughout his being.

Gradually, the manifold pains subsided, and his muddled thoughts
gradually cleared.

Using his hands as support, Lumian hoisted himself up and directed his
gaze towards the full-length mirror in the room.

Reflected in the looking glass, his blond locks retained a tinge of
black, his attire reduced to tatters. His body bore scorch marks that
swiftly scabbed over and fell to the floor, revealing his fair
complexion.

Simultaneously, Lumian beheld two crimson flames ablaze within his blue
eyes. It was only after striving to regain composure and still his
racing heart that the flames gradually dissipated.

In the next second, In the next heartbeat, Lumian raised his right hand,
manifesting a crimson flame in his palm.

He had triumphantly ascended to the Sequence 7 of the Hunter's path,
emerging as a Pyromaniac!

From his palm, flames surged, intertwining with the original crimson
hue, constantly compressing.

After a span of more than ten seconds, the fiery crimson transformed
into an incandescent white. The temperature and explosive force it
contained surged to greater heights.

*I can wield the crimson flame directly or, by accumulating and
compressing it for a duration, unleash an even more scorching white-hot
blaze...* Lumian's palm appeared impervious to the scorching
heat as he allowed the white-hot flame to silently burn.

Having already conducted a preliminary assessment of his condition and
the mystical knowledge he had acquired, Lumian had gained a fairly
comprehensive understanding of the superpowers bestowed upon a
Pyromaniac.

First and foremost, a Pyromaniac's spirituality had seen a remarkable
improvement, leading to a transformative shift in Lumian's Spirit
Vision. No longer confined to a chaotic spectacle, he now possessed the
ability to employ a more discreet and expeditious activation method.
Moreover, he could finally perceive the hues and shades his sister had
described, discerning the various components of the Ether Body.

This newfound insight proved invaluable to a Hunter, enabling Lumian to
better grasp an adversary's physical state and thereby target them with
greater precision.

Secondly, his instinct for danger had undergone significant enhancement.
Gone were the days when he only sensed trouble at the very brink of
eruption. Through careful observation of his surroundings and the
assimilation of information, Lumian could now activate his intuition
preemptively. Consequently, he could detect if he was being followed and
employ his anti-tracking techniques more effectively and flawlessly.

Thirdly, his command over flames had brought with it a handful of
accompanying spells.

At present, Lumian's primary ability involved controlling the flames
that originated from within him or were conjured by his own hands. While
he possessed an affinity for flames and combustible substances in his
vicinity, his influence over them remained somewhat limited. It was
possible that, upon digesting the Pyromaniac potion or advancing to a
higher Sequence, corresponding changes might occur.

Furthermore, Lumian could employ the flames he created as weapons
against his adversaries. However, once the flames left his body, they no
longer fell under his dominion unless he had pre-invested a portion of
his spirituality in them.

In essence, altering the trajectory of a fireball in mid-flight proved
to be quite challenging, necessitating a supplementary expenditure of
spirituality.

The control of flames could be categorized into seven distinct aspects:

Firstly, there was compression---a bombardment in the form of a
fireball. The longer the compression lasted, the more flames gathered,
resulting in a more potent strike.

Secondly, Lumian could ignite a layer of flames over his body, affording
him a measure of defense against freezing effects, poisonous gasses, and
other forms of assault.

Thirdly, he could fashion various temporary weapons using flames,
capable of inflicting scorching, cutting, and piercing damage. Depending
on the time spent channeling the flames, this ability could be
categorized as either crimson or blazing-white.

Fourthly, Lumian had mastered the art of delayed explosions. By
employing additional spirituality and manipulating the structure, he
could fashion a Flame Bomb that would detonate at a predetermined time,
rather than immediately upon impact.

Fifthly, he possessed the power of area-of-effect attacks. By extending
the reach of the flames instead of hurling them forth, Lumian could
ensure precise control over their detonation, causing them to erupt at a
desired location or manifest in different forms.

Sixthly, Lumian had honed the technique of Fire Infusion. Through
close-quarters combat and the forceful clash of strength, he could
gradually inject flames into an opponent's body before triggering their
detonation.

Finally, the seventh aspect involved imbuing his weapon with fire
damage.

The fire-type spells Lumian had acquired were instrumental in these
various aspects, leveraging certain techniques to achieve effects that
he could not ordinarily produce.

The spells at Lumian's disposal were as follows: Fire Raven, Blazing
Spear, Wall of Fire, and Giant Fireball.

Of them all, the Fire Raven spell stood out as the most enchanting. With
its aid, Lumian could swiftly condense a flock of flaming ravens around
him, bestowing a fraction of his spirituality upon each avian form. This
granted him a degree of control even after they departed from his body,
enabling them to momentarily adjust their flight path and lock onto
their intended targets.

Without this spell, Lumian, a recent convert to Pyromaniac, would need
to expend at least three times his present store of spirituality and
energy to achieve a similar outcome. Moreover, the Fire Ravens would
possess a significantly more clumsy and rigid disposition.

Blazing Spear, on the other hand, entailed the rapid condensation of
white flames, though they could only maintain the shape of a spear.
Infused with spirituality, they could roughly guide Lumian's created
fireball.

By utilizing the ground as a conduit and drawing upon its own essence,
Wall of Fire summoned forth a pair of flaming serpents that slithered
toward the enemy, erecting a scorching barrier around them.

Giant Fireball demanded a span of ten to twenty seconds, akin to the
compression of numerous crimson fireballs into a single devastating
blast.

While the Pyromaniac's flames originated from his physical form and
primarily inflicted bodily harm, they were also capable of burning a
Spirit Body. Lumian was no longer defenseless against creatures of a
soul-like nature, though he still relied on external assistance.

Additionally, the potion's modifications had bestowed upon his body a
remarkable resistance to flames. Even if doused in animal fat and
subjected to the flames of a torch for half a day, the damage he
suffered would be minimal. Nevertheless, the concussive force of a
fireball's explosion could still harm him in a conventional manner.

Lumian held the belief that as he advanced to higher Sequences, his body
might even merge with fire itself.

With a casual flick of his right hand, the blazing white flame
dissipated into the air.

Then, with a firm grip, he summoned a longsword crafted from crimson
flames, materializing it from thin air.

Lumian brandished the fiery blade a few times, his disappointment
evident. He muttered silently to himself, *It possesses the ability to
harm the enemy, but it cannot block or parry...*

The flaming sword lacked a tangible form. Lumian surmised that he would
need to reach a higher Sequence before he could turn such a weapon
corporeal.

He dismissed the flaming longsword and drew Hedsey's dagger.

As his fingers caressed the dagger's surface, a fiery blaze enveloped
the blade.

Lumian tightened his grip on the hilt and executed a few thrusts with
the dagger. He observed the rapid dissipation of red sparks in the air,
creating an ethereal spectacle.

*It can block and deal fire damage. Though it may lack scorching
temperatures in this form, it remains highly useful.*

*The current problem lies in the fact that ordinary weapons cannot
endure exposure to flames for long... *Lumian pondered, nodding
approvingly.

Having confirmed his Beyonder powers as a Pyromaniac, he swiftly
organized his desk and donned a linen shirt, a brown jacket, and dark
trousers.

Lumian cast a final glance at his reflection in the mirror, a smile
curling upon his lips.

He placed the dark-blue cap upon his head, turned on his heel, and
strode purposefully toward the door.

Crimson flames silently erupted in his wake, an ephemeral and blinding
display.

___

On Avenue du Marché, outside the khaki-colored four-story building that
housed the member of parliament's office,

Lumian once again found himself seated among the destitute at the alley
opposite, quietly observing the steady flow of people entering and
exiting the targeted establishment.

In the wake of the explosion at Goodville Chemical Factory, countless
workers had tragically lost their lives, leaving many more injured. The
entire city of Trier was abuzz with news reporters flocking to the
scene. As a result, Hugues Artois's office remained aglow with
gas-powered wall lamps, as his staff tirelessly attended to visitors
with varied intentions.

The member of parliament had yet to return home, and his entourage
naturally remained within the khaki-colored building. Every room seemed
to radiate with illumination, brimming with activity.

Leaning against the wall of the street, Lumian observed the comings and
goings within the member of parliament's office, his mind churning with
contemplation.

He yearned to ignite a "fire"!

He yearned to "incinerate" the despicable scoundrel responsible for
spreading disease!

He was fully aware of the dire consequences that awaited him. As a
Pyromaniac, he understood that he alone was not yet strong enough to
face off against the evil god's Blessed who surrounded Hugues Artois.

Yet, he simply longed to take action. He couldn't shake the feeling that
no matter how fierce a conflagration may be, it all started with a
single spark.