---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1713
index: 244
section: vol2
slug: 244
title: Red and Black
---

## Chapter 244: Red and Black

*Knock, knock, knock.*

The office reverberated with an urgent knock.

A feeble and disinterested voice floated through the air.

"Come in, please."

Lumian turned the doorknob and pushed open the vibrant vermilion door.
Before him stood a frail, gaunt young man.

Dressed in a blue shirt, black waistcoat, and somber suit, he stood by
the expansive desk, his eyes fixed on the door.

As Tybalt Jacques recognized the visitor to be Bono Goodville, a chuckle
escaped the assistant secretary.

"Don't fret. Decay is an unavoidable fate. It afflicts humans and
organizations alike. Once the decay sets in, all sorts of troubles will
arise..."

Before Tybalt could conclude, he saw Lumian approach. Guard raised, he
blurted out,"What do you think you're doing..."

Bam! Lumian threw a punch, accompanied by a blazing crimson flame.

His action cut off Tybalt's words, forcing him to instinctively raise
his forearm to block the blow.

Flames flickered, consuming Tybalt's sleeves.

Simultaneously, a taunting voice reached his ears.

"So weak?"

Originally, Lumian's plan was to cloak his fist in flames, launching a
surprise attack on his adversary without alerting the nearby employees.
In the ensuing chaos, he aimed to use Fallen Mercury and inflict a wound
upon him. Then, before his foe could recover, Lumian would forcefully
make his way past him, exiting the khaki-colored building housing the
parliament member's office through the balcony.

Throughout this endeavor, he would employ fireballs, Fire Raven, and
other techniques to impede his opponent. Even if he sustained injuries,
he had to escape into a nearby alley and disappear into Underground
Trier before Hugues Artois's security personnel, the red-haired woman,
and the other campaign members could react. After all, the fiery "armor"
he created had the power to incinerate pathogens. With limited contact,
the chances of contracting an illness were slim. And if something did
manage to slip through, the symptoms would be mild enough for Lumian to
endure until six in the morning.

If worse came to worst, he could borrow half a canister of healing agent
from Franca.

Even Ruhr, a scavenger with his advanced age, succumbed to the illness
only an hour or two after being exposed to the thick phlegm. Lumian
believed it would be even less of a problem for him.

Of course, the condition was that the thick phlegm represented one of
Tybalt's more potent methods. He couldn't concoct a highly virulent
disease that triggered symptoms within a minute or two. Nonetheless,
Lumian had his flames to shield him.

Yet, now, after a swift exchange, Lumian realized that Tybalt Jacques
was far weaker than he had presumed!

This revelation instantly altered Lumian's course of action.

Silently, his form became shrouded in a cloak of fiery crimson.

The flames undulated like liquid, seamlessly encasing his skin, hair,
garments, and hat. They hung there, a constant flickering and flowing.

Crimson flames continued to emerge from Lumian's being, melding with the
inferno.

It felt as though Lumian had wrapped himself in a crimson cloak. Amidst
the swirling blaze, his disguised countenance and blue eyes, each
harboring a blazing fire, came into view.

With a snap, he discarded the dark cane and launched a fist wreathed in
flames towards Tybalt.

The cane's handle remained aglow, eradicating any traces of
fingerprints, sweat, or handprints.

*Bang! Bang! Bang! *Tybalt staggered back two steps, as though
battling a tempest of fire. His eyes burned with a reddened intensity.

He harrumphed and expelled thick phlegm at Lumian.

The viscous yellow-green phlegm met the fiery cloak and was instantly
incinerated, emitting a sizzling sound.

*Bam! Bam! Bam! *Lumian's arms, engulfed in crimson flames,
swung repeatedly, pinning Tybalt to a corner of the office. His back
pressed against the wall, with no escape or retreat. All he could do was
defensively parry with his arms.

Witnessing the Sputum of Disease prove futile and the surrounding air
heating up under the flames' influence, causing his skin to scorch,
Tybalt's heart constricted, and he was about to cry out for help.

However, just as he opened his mouth, Lumian's flaming fist collided
with his arm, causing him to tremble. His words became trapped in his
throat.

Tybalt attempted to call for aid, but his pleas were repeatedly
interrupted by the adversary. The deep voice of his foe resounded in his
ears.

"Is that all you have?"

"How dare a feeble fledgling like you spit so recklessly?"

"Didn't your deity teach you to behave with civility?"

"I shall summon a hundred vagabonds to spit in your mouth!"

The mockery inflamed Tybalt's eyes, and he momentarily forgot about
seeking assistance. All he yearned for was the other party to suffer and
perish.

Translucent blisters materialized on his exposed skin, brimming with a
sickly yellowish-black fluid.

*Bang! Bang! Bang!*

Lumian's flaming fist consumed Tybalt's sleeve, rupturing the
translucent blister within. Yet, the repugnant yellowish-black liquid
failed to touch his flesh. It was first scorched by the flames before
being halted by the gloves.

The lingering pathogens on the surface of the gloves rapidly dissipated
beneath the crimson flames' effect.

Amidst the relentless but non-lethal strikes, all the translucent
blisters burst of their own accord within the increasingly sweltering
environment. The faint yellowish-black liquid sizzled and evaporated,
forming an almost imperceptible mist around Tybalt.

However, the mist was either consumed by the flames or melted by the
soaring temperatures. It couldn't breach the fiery cloak and corrode
Lumian's body.

In that moment, Tybalt, battered multiple times, regained his senses
from the Provocation. He opened his mouth and cried out for aid.

High-temperature gas and dissipating flames infiltrated Tybalt's mouth
as Lumian's fist connected. The heat contorted his expression, rendering
him unable to scream.

"Feeling grand, are we? Enjoying yourself?"

"When you spat without a care, did you ever consider that it would lead
to your own demise?"

"Taking your life is no different from slaughtering a chicken!"

Lumian locked his gaze onto Tybalt's eyes, witnessing despair, fear, and
pleas for mercy slowly emerge.

He didn't relent. With fists ablaze in crimson flames, he unleashed
another relentless onslaught of strikes.

He had no intention of evading Tybalt's feeble attempts at defense; each
blow found its mark.

With a subdued thud, Lumian abruptly halted and withdrew his hands.

Tybalt remained motionless against the wall, his eyes vacant.

The flames enveloping Lumian's form dissipated like a receding river,
leaving behind a trace of crimson in his footsteps.

Without sparing Tybalt a second glance, Lumian stooped to retrieve his
cane. He took Mr. K's finger and pressed it against the wall beside
Tybalt.

Having done so, Lumian removed his half top hat and placed it upon his
chest, bowing to Tybalt.

Then, he strode past his lifeless, statue-like prey and ventured onto
the balcony. Concealed by the shadows, he pressed against the wall and
effortlessly leaped to the side of the khaki-colored building.

Only then did the occupants upstairs sense something amiss. Several
individuals rushed out, peering into the outside world. Lumian's figure
had already vanished into the depths of the dark alley.

Simultaneously, a muffled sound emanated from Tybalt's rigid body.

*Boom!*

In an instant, he erupted from within, crimson flames splattering flesh
and internal organs in every direction.

Fire Infusion!

Pyromaniac's Fire Infusion!

Prior to Lumian's departure, Tybalt had teetered on the precipice of
death. His organs and brain had been consumed by the injected flames.
What ensued was primarily the annihilation of his Spirit Body.

There were three reasons why Lumian had a change of heart at the last
moment, opting to forgo the quickest and simplest method of dispatching
Tybalt.

Firstly, utilizing the Montsouris ghost could potentially impact
Tybalt's family. If possible, it was preferable to avoid such measures,
despite the high probability that they had already succumbed to the
influence of an evil deity. Secondly, he could utilize the implosion to
create a gruesome scene of carnage, strewn with flesh and blood. Coupled
with Mr. K's fingerprint, it would point subsequent investigators in the
direction of the Aurora Order. It would also serve as a clear indication
that Tybalt was a follower of an evil god. Thirdly, by utilizing Fire
Infusion, he could delay the explosion and dismantle Tybalt's Spirit
Body, thereby minimizing the efficacy of the evil god's Blessed's
investigations through spirit channeling.

Furthermore, there was another reason. Beating and cursing Tybalt to
death brought Lumian an undeniable sense of satisfaction.

___

Before long, a group of seven or eight individuals, including Hugues
Artois, the red-haired lady, and the bespectacled secretary, arrived at
Tybalt Jacques's door.

What greeted their eyes were scattered flesh, fragments, and internal
organs, along with scorch marks that marred the ground.

The sight of red and black intermingled was jarring, rendering everyone
present speechless.

"Who could have done this?" Hugues Artois exclaimed, horror etched on
his face.

In his mind, the murder of Tybalt and the macabre aftermath served as a
chilling warning and a preview of his own impending demise!

After all, who would go to such lengths to target an assistant
secretary?

The red-haired lady cast a brief glance at Hugues Artois before speaking
in an androgynous tone,

"Based on the evidence before us, it appears that the perpetrator is a
Pyromaniac, or perhaps even more formidable. Given Tybalt's
capabilities, he should have been dispatched within ten seconds.
However, the assailant deliberately prolonged the act.

"It seems that the goal was to create this gruesome scene. It bears the
hallmark of those lunatics from the Aurora Order."

Hugues Artois's eyes narrowed, and he lapsed into silence for a couple
of seconds.

"Why would the Aurora Order target me?"

"I cannot say." The red-haired lady peered deeply into Hugues Artois's
eyes, shaking her head slightly.

While the official Beyonders conducted their investigation, the original
campaign team returned to Hugues Artois's office.

The red-haired lady turned her attention to the secretary with
gold-rimmed glasses.

"What has Tybalt been involved in recently?" she inquired.

"Due to his chronic illness, he intentionally disposed of his
disease-ridden handkerchief and ended the lives of two elderly
scavengers who had no children," the secretary with gold-rimmed glasses
truthfully replied. "I have managed to keep this matter under wraps."

The red-haired lady muttered to herself, her voice barely audible, "Two
childless elderly scavengers... It seems that Tybalt's demise is
undeniably targeted at Monsieur Member of Parliament."