---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1715
index: 246
section: vol2
slug: 246
title: Resolution
---

## Chapter 246: Resolution

As the first rays of dawn illuminated the room, Lumian slowly opened his
eyes, awakened by the gentle chime of bells from Église Saint-Robert.

The previous night, he had stayed at Auberge du Coq Doré.

He raised his right hand to touch his head. His bald head had grown
thick and healthy hair once more.

Leaving the comfort of his bed, Lumian walked over to the full-length
mirror and saw a reflection that looked both familiar and unfamiliar.

Back in Cordu, his hair had never been dyed golden.

But in the morning light, he couldn't help but smile, feeling better
than he had in a long time.

At the very least, he didn't meet with failure with everything he did.
Killing and taking revenge didn't pose a problem.

After breakfast at a street vendor, Lumian planned to find a barbershop
in either Quartier de l'Observatoire or Quartier de la Cathédrale
Commémorative to revert his hair color to golden. But before he could
set out, hurried footsteps approached his room.

He braced himself, thinking someone might kick the door open, but
instead, there was a knock.

It was Franca, who rarely rose so early. She couldn't hide her surprise
upon seeing Lumian's pure black hair.

"You dyed it back?" she exclaimed.

"Sort of," Lumian replied, observing Franca as she entered Room 207 and
closed the door behind her.

Without mincing words, Franca confronted him, "Did you kill Hugues
Artois's assistant secretary? And did you rush to advance to Pyromaniac
last night?"

Lumian stood up, smiling.

"Yes."

Franca was momentarily at a loss for words with the frank admission.

After a few seconds, she hissed and said, "You brat, you promised me you
would hold back and endure, but the very next moment, you went ahead
without hesitation. You really can't suppress your hatred for a night,
can you?

"If you keep going like this, I seriously doubt you'll survive this
year---no, this month!"

Lumian explained simply, "Actually, I didn't intend to kill Tybalt last
night. I merely wanted to monitor him, gather information, and plan a
proper approach to deal with him together with you. But an opportunity
presented itself, and it was too good to pass up. I couldn't convince
myself to hold back."

"Right, I made preparations in all aspects, including measures against
divination and tracking."

Relieved, Franca asked, "That Tybalt guy seemed weak. Was it easy for
you to handle him?"

"He mainly transmitted diseases through contact, and Pyromaniacs
happened to counter that ability. If not for my anti-divination and
anti-spirit channeling preparations, I could have taken care of him in
ten seconds," Lumian recalled.

Franca sighed, admitting, "You got lucky. Have you considered the
possibility that your target might be much stronger?"

"My initial judgment was that he wouldn't be too formidable. If he
exceeded a certain threshold, I was prepared to use my dirk," Lumian
replied before asking, "Why are you up so early?"

"Gardner woke me up!" Franca replied with gritted teeth. "He instructed
me to gather the leaders of the Savoie Mob and find the person
responsible for killing Hugues Artois's assistant secretary. When I
heard the details, I knew it had to be you! I told you last night to get
in the right condition before drinking the Pyromaniac potion, but you
went ahead and consumed it anyway."

Lumian spoke earnestly, his voice filled with sincerity. "I believed
that I was in the perfect state to advance to Pyromaniac, so I swiftly
concocted the potion. Will Boss suspect me?"

"For now, no," Franca replied, shaking her head. "Besides yourself,
nobody expected you to consume the potion last night. Moreover, you
cunningly framed the Aurora Order. Gardner doesn't see any motive in
you."

Franca glanced at Lumian's head and suggested, "Come here, I'll help you
restore your original hair color. It's best not to make any changes
during a time like this to avoid arousing suspicion."

"Alright," Lumian agreed, feeling delighted to save some money.

___

In the morning, the ward buzzed with more activity compared to the
somberness of the night. Echoing through the air were the cries of those
being carried away, the presence of relatives escorting loved ones back
home, and the determination of some patients who defied the cries,
choosing to depart from the hospital's confines.

Jenna and Elodie---who had regained consciousness---observed the scene
in silence. They understood the painful reality unfolding before them.

Not everyone could bear the weight of insurmountable medical expenses,
nor did they wish to drag their families into the depths of despair.

Sometimes, the patient surrendered while the family persisted. Other
times, it was the family that gave up, leaving the patient with no
choice but to accept their fate. At times, patient and family would
tacitly leave the ward, exchange silent glances, and be unable to hold
back their tears as they cried or wailed.

After a while, as the ward regained a semblance of tranquility, Elodie,
who had managed to sit up, whispered softly, "How long will I have to
stay here for treatment?"

Jenna pondered for a moment before deciding to tell her mother the
truth. It was an impossible matter to conceal. The doctors' rounds,
treatments, and further examinations would inevitably reveal some
information. Besides, Elodie would piece it together based on her
physical condition and the fact that she hadn't been discharged after
several days.

Organizing her thoughts, Jenna explained, "The doctor said you'll be
here for months, possibly even half a year. Your external injuries
aren't severe, but your body has suffered significant damage. Unless you
make a full recovery, your condition may worsen."

Before Elodie could respond, Jenna smiled reassuringly and continued,
"I've already secured the funds for your treatment. I borrowed the money
from Franca. She has no shortage of resources. She promised Julien and
me that we could repay it in two to three years, in installments. By
then, Dad's accident compensation will surely have been paid. There may
even be hope for yours."

Elodie's expression faltered for a moment. After a few seconds, she
spoke with weariness in her voice, "Why will it take so long..."

"With such a massive explosion and the chemical gasses, it's a miracle
that you survived," Jenna said before asking. "What exactly happened
back then?"

Elodie contemplated for a moment and replied wearily, "I don't know. The
explosion happened so suddenly, and I lost consciousness.

"I think it originated near the metal tank. Sigh, many of the factory's
facilities are old and prone to breakdowns. They require repairs, but
the boss refuses to invest in replacements. Sigh..."

After chatting for a while, Jenna noticed her mother's energy waning.
She advised Elodie to rest for a while and headed towards the washroom
at the end of the corridor.

As soon as Elodie witnessed Jenna's departure from the ward, she
mustered all her strength, disconnected the IV, and leaned against the
wall for support. Gasping for breath, she took two steps towards the
ward diagonally opposite, where doctors and nurses meticulously examined
each injured individual.

Elodie located the doctor, provided her ward and bed number, and
inquired, "How long will my treatment last?"

The doctor leafed through his records and responded, "We don't have all
the results yet, but we estimate it will take about five to seven
months."

"What will be the cost of treatment each month?" Elodie inquired.

The doctor pondered for a moment and replied, "Let's wait for the
complete assessment. If all goes well, it should amount to around 200
verl d'or per week. As treatment progresses, the cost will decrease.
However, if your condition isn't too favorable, it might range from 300
to 400 verl d'or per week. Furthermore, even after you leave the
hospital, you must prioritize rest and avoid exerting yourself."

Elodie found herself rendered speechless. The nurse assisted her back to
the ward and reinserted the needle into her arm.

Shortly before noon, Julien rushed into the ward, his concern for his
mother evident in his eyes.

After conversing with him for a while, Jenna announced, "I'll go to the
hospital cafeteria and bring back some food for you."

With that, she departed the ward, moving briskly as she descended the
stairs.

Thanks to Lumian's guidance, Jenna had come to realize that she
possessed extraordinary abilities as a Beyonder. She was no longer an
ordinary individual. With a willingness to take calculated risks, she
had numerous avenues to earn money.

Consequently, the expenses for Elodie's treatment and the overwhelming
debt held no power over her. The fact that her mother had been saved was
cause for celebration, a reason to extol the sun.

In the ward, Elodie gazed at Julien, who sat beside her, and posed a
question with a tender expression, "You're nearly 23, aren't you?"

"That's right," Julien replied, a smile gracing his face. "I've been a
provider for the family for quite some time now. But in your eyes, I'm
still a youngling."

Elodie offered a faint smile and spoke, "That's because my criteria for
true adulthood differ from others. I've always believed that one can
only be considered an adult when they possess a skill that consistently
earns them money. You're still a year away from that, and Celia has
another year and a half to go.

"You've endured so much these past few years."

"It was you who endured," Julien responded with a sigh. "Before I could
truly assist, you worked three jobs a day for a whole year, from 6 a.m.
until midnight."

Emotions surged within him, causing him to blurt out, "We'll definitely
cure you!"

Elodie chuckled in delight, her hand gently caressing her flaxen hair.

"Unfortunately, my wig is gone.

"And your sister. She previously deceived us, claiming that the theater
required her to dye her hair a brownish-yellow shade. In reality, it was
to prevent herself from being recognized when she went to sing at the
dance hall. I don't know what to do with her.

"Sigh, I truly don't want you to shoulder more debt. It will waste
years. By then, you won't be young anymore..."

Julien swiftly consoled his mother, assuring her that he excelled at his
job and would undoubtedly receive a salary increase next year.

After rambling for a few minutes, Elodie clutched her chest and
beseeched Julien, "I'm not feeling well. Please find a doctor for me."

"Okay." Julien stood up abruptly and dashed out of the room.

Elodie promptly removed the IV needle and stumbled toward the ward's
window, relying on the nearby beds for support.

Meanwhile, on the first floor of Holy Palace Hospital.

Jenna emerged from the cafeteria, carrying a wooden lunch box, and began
her journey up the staircase.

Suddenly, from the corner of her eye, she witnessed a figure hurtling
downwards, resulting in a resounding thud.

Jenna's heart skipped a beat, her mind filled with unease. Hastily, she
turned around, uncertain about the source of her apprehension. She
dashed out of the hall and approached the spot where the person had
jumped, maneuvering through the gathering crowd.

In the next instant, she beheld a crimson liquid seeping and a familiar
face adorned with delicate wrinkles.

With a thud, the lunch box slipped from her grasp, crashing onto the
ground. Her eyes grew vacant, reflecting a vivid red.

The lifeless body belonged to her mother, Elodie.

The person who had leaped from the building was her mother, Elodie.