---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1727
index: 258
section: vol2
slug: 258
title: Assassin
---

## Chapter 258: Assassin

Susanna's eyes fixed on Lumian as he dashed towards her, his body
engulfed in crimson flames. She absorbed energy from the surrounding
crowd, including peddlers, pedestrians, and tenants hanging from the
trees. Her goal was to restore her combat abilities as quickly as
possible.

She wasn't worried about Lumian causing her harm. Positioned at the top
of the tree crown, she knew he couldn't reach her. Moreover, she was one
with the Tree of Shadow, making her nearly invulnerable. Without
godhood, any attack would only cause minor injuries, incapable of
killing or severely harming her.

*Thud! Thud! Thud!* Lumian sprinted into an area where tree
branches and vines entangled, with a hundred to two hundred humans
dangling from above.

The brownish-green foliage tried to ensnare and pierce him, but his
fiery aura forced them to retreat in panic.

Suddenly, a rumbling sound shook the ground. The brownish-green tree
descended rapidly, shrinking its height to seven to eight meters.

The violent tremors across the wilderness made it difficult for Lumian
to advance.

___

*Rumble. *A tremor like an earthquake shook the crystal
chandelier in the banquet hall. Terrified expressions appeared on the
faces of most people present. Quick-thinking individuals sought shelter
under the long table draped in a white tablecloth.

The team assigned to protect Hugues Artois consisted of Imre, a
mixed-blood individual, Valentine, and a Warrior pathway Beyonder named
Antoine.

Sensing the anomaly simultaneously, they tacitly sent Imre to
investigate. He rushed to the window and peered out, trying to locate
the source of the disturbance.

Imre observed that several houses in Rue Anarchie, Rue du Rossignol, and
Rue des Blouses Blanches had tilted to a certain degree, but they had
not collapsed. Their surfaces were covered with brownish-green branches
and vines.

In comparison, the prominent feature was the brownish-green tree,
situated roughly on Rue Anarchie. It descended, adorned with numerous
tree tumors and flowers.

The scene lasted only a few seconds before returning to normal, as if an
unsuccessful painting had been replaced by another work.

"What's happening?" Hugues Artois calmly approached the window and
inquired.

Imre didn't hold back any information. He lowered his voice and replied
sincerely, "Anomalies have occurred on Rue Anarchie, Rue du Rossignol,
and Rue des Blouses Blanches."

*Rue Anarchie, Rue du Rossignol, Rue des Blouses Blanches... *As
Jenna, who had approached a nearby window but missed witnessing the
scene, heard the street names, her feet froze in place.

Two names immediately surfaced in her mind: *Ciel, Franca...*

*Had they encountered the anomaly? *Jenna's heart sank, and she
instinctively looked at Hugues Artois.

She noticed a curl forming on the member of parliament's lips, as if he
couldn't hide his delight.

*It's him... It's him and his group of heretics!* Jenna's mind
instantly reached a conclusion. Darkness enveloped her, and despair
surged through her uncontrollably.

*Could Franca and Ciel withstand the planned attack by the heretics and
survive this anomaly?*

*Should I rush to their aid with my current strength? Or will I only
bring harm to them?*

At that moment, Jenna felt as if the pillars supporting her---her two
friends who had always stood by her side---were about to crumble, just
as she had lost her mother.

And it was all the fault of the heretics, of Hugues Artois!

Her thoughts drifted to Franca's words when she consumed the potion and
transformed into an Assassin, warning Jenna to avoid contact with evil
gods.

*"Contact with evil gods will bring nothing but disaster.*

*"Not only will it drive a person to madness and strip away their true
self, but it will also drag everyone around them into darkness, whether
they know them or not.*

*"If we don't eliminate those individuals, the influence of the evil
gods will persist. The pain will return again and again,
unending."*

And now, Hugues Artois stood at the center of all the market district's
disasters.

Jenna lowered her head, unable to meet Hugues Artois's gaze, afraid that
her eyes would betray the pain and hatred within.

Hatred consumed her!

Yet, she could only remind herself that her brother Julien was still
alive, albeit with a certain mental ailment that could be cured. If he
lost his sister next, he might truly spiral into irredeemable madness.

*After the banquet concludes, after the factory owners provide their
"compensation," and after I settle all our debts, I'll take Julien and
leave the market district and Quartier du Jardin Botanique. We'll find
another place to live, far from the ensuing pain...* Jenna
repeated these words to herself, desperately trying to contain her
emotions.

"Why is there another anomaly?" Hugues Artois questioned Imre,
Valentine, and Antoine.

Imre offered a bitter smile and replied, "I witnessed that tree. It has
appeared multiple times in Trier's history, but it has never been fully
resolved."

Ever since joining the Purifier team in Trier, he had learned about the
hidden dangers lurking beneath the ground that couldn't be entirely
purified. The brownish-green tree was one of them.

He, his superiors, and his teammates couldn't fathom why Trier had been
established atop such things in the first place.

Without giving Hugues Artois time to question their capabilities any
further, Imre added,

"Now that the anomaly has been discovered, it won't be long before it's
suppressed."

As a member of the elite Purifier team, he knew that Trier differed from
other countries' capitals. Due to the perpetual underground dangers,
both the former royal family and the current parliamentary government
had agreed to the two Churches' secret dispatching of an Angel each or
placed Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts in Trier to prevent any mishaps.

Of course, during periods when the royal family and government held
immense power, the Church's Angels refrained from interfering. For
example, during Emperor Roselle's reign.

Once the anomaly caused by the peculiar tree was exposed, it would
swiftly face a devastating blow. Although it couldn't be completely
eradicated, it would be kept under control for a considerable time.

___

After the swift and violent descent of the Tree of Shadow, the
wilderness stabilized. Gabriel, Pavard Neeson, and the others remained
suspended from the branches, their faces growing pale and blackened, as
if drained of energy.

Lumian regained his balance and continued sprinting towards the nearby
brownish-green tree, still engulfed in crimson flames.

At that moment, Susanna Mattise had regained a significant portion of
her strength. Lumian's figure appeared in her eyes, awaiting his
approach within the range of her current abilities.

Behind Lumian, a shadow detached itself from its owner and stealthily
lunged at his back.

It was Charlotte Calvino, "acting" as a shadow!

Having not been the host of the ritual and being far from the treetop,
she had not suffered the backlash or intense corruption, thus her
strength had not waned. Seeing Lumian turn around, she quickly hid
herself, and put to show her acting abilities, ready to execute a
surprise attack.

Suddenly, a gunshot pierced through the air in the distance.

The iron-black bullet was too distant and lacked precision. It grazed
Charlotte's body, but it disrupted her plans.

Wearing a blouse, light-colored breeches, and red boots, Franca emerged
at the edge of the wilderness, clutching a brass revolver. She cursed at
Lumian's retreating form and shouted, "Fuck, don't you think I'm on your
team?"

___

Noticing that the street had returned to its "normal" state, Hugues
Artois made his way back to the center of the banquet hall, holding a
glass of light-gold champagne. Standing before the gathering, he began
his speech as usual.

"Ladies and gentlemen, it is an honor to have you join us for this
condolence banquet. Please join me in a moment of silence to honor those
who have tragically departed...

"As you can see, yet another accident has occurred in the market
district. We cannot continue like this. We must establish a more
efficient and adaptable system to handle such situations.

"I understand that many of you harbor anger and fear in light of the
recent accident. Your loved ones may have lost their lives, sustained
severe injuries, or perhaps experienced agitation, mental breakdowns,
and madness as a result of this..."

Jenna's head shot up upon hearing these words, her gaze fixed on Hugues
Artois once more.

He had just mentioned "agitation, mental breakdowns, and madness" in
such specific detail.

Under normal circumstances, such elaboration would not be necessary. A
simple reference to insanity would suffice.

*Did Hugues Artois know that someone would suffer a mental breakdown due
to the chemical plant explosion and go mad? And was he deliberately
mentioning it in his speech, as if a criminal returning to the crime
scene, reveling in his sinister handiwork?* An absurd mix of
hatred and fear consumed Jenna's heart.

If her suspicions were correct, Julien's mental breakdown might have
been influenced by the heretics!

*Could he be cured? Could he be saved?*

*If I don't sever the source, even if I leave the market district with
Julien, there might still be hidden dangers and lingering problems in
the future! *The feeling of desperation overwhelmed Jenna, as if
she were trapped in an inescapable darkness.

Her pupils dilated, reflecting Hugues Artois's figure with a chilling
clarity.

Imre, Valentine, and Antoine's expressions darkened, their gazes
falling, as they heard Hugues Artois's implicit accusations against the
two Churches.

___

The alternate space that accompanied the Tree of Shadow lay in ruins.
Some areas were coated with pitch-black mucus, while others bore gaping
holes, as if swallowed by an endless void.

Suddenly, a glimmer of light emerged from the shrunken door of
starlight.

It grew brighter and brighter, akin to a transformed sun, illuminating
every nook and cranny with an eerie clarity, banishing all shadows.

A female figure draped in a white robe adorned with golden threads
emerged from the radiant source. She appeared to be crafted from pure
light, translucent and ethereal. With emerald green eyes and flowing
blond hair, she exuded beauty and a divine aura.

The guardian angel of Trier, Saint Viève.

___

Amidst the applause, Hugues Artois, having concluded his speech, mingled
with the families of the victims, champagne glass in hand. He displayed
enthusiasm, friendliness, and a trustworthy demeanor.

Jenna closed her eyes and wandered towards the long table dressed in a
white tablecloth. She picked up a plate and placed some food on it, then
grabbed a long silver fork and began to eat.

As she ate, she slowly approached Hugues Artois in a daze.

Drawing near, just two meters away, she assumed a stance that suggested
a conversation with Monsieur Member of Parliament.

Surrounded by his team and guarded by official Beyonders, Hugues Artois
noticed Jenna. He smiled warmly, anticipating her approach.

Jenna passed by Secretary Rhône and positioned herself a step away from
Hugues Artois.

Before their conversation could commence, the ground trembled once more,
accompanied by a resounding rumble. Rue Anarchie and Rue des Blouses
Blanches seemed to brighten significantly.

Cassandra, Hugues Artois, and the others turned their bodies
instinctively, gazing out of the window, their concern evident.

Witnessing this, Jenna closed her eyes once more. Then, she took a step
forward, raising the silver fork in her hand towards Hugues Artois!

All the emotions suppressed within her heart erupted.

*You wretched politician, the bringer of disaster and darkness to the
market district!*

*You heretic, your conscience devoured by a dog!*

*You are the bastard responsible for my mother's death and my brother's
descent into madness!*

*Perish now!*

*Without your demise, the suffering in the market district shall never
cease. Darkness shall engulf this place, preventing the dawn from
breaking.*

*Indeed, with heretics surrounding you and the protection of official
Beyonders, anyone attempting to confront you would meet their demise
here, dissuaded by the risk.*

*But what if an assassin has no intention of leaving alive?*

Jenna channeled all her hatred, outrage, and pain into the long-handled
silver fork in her grasp. She unleashed an Assassin's Mighty Blow,
aiming for Hugues Artois's exposed right eye as he turned his body.

In that moment, she glimpsed the surprise, confusion, and fear etched
upon his face. She witnessed Hugues Artois frantically glancing towards
Cassandra, pleading for assistance.

Cassandra's line of sight was obstructed by Purifier Imre, who had
subtly stepped diagonally, leaving her unaware of the imminent danger.

With a squelching sound, the long-handled silver fork in Jenna's right
hand plunged deep into Hugues Artois's eye socket, piercing into his
brain.

Hugues Artois's expression froze. The fear, confusion, and terror
remained etched on his visage. Time did not permit much change, only
revealing a profound sense of despair.

Jenna watched as crimson blood gushed forth, and Hugues Artois's
countenance gradually crumbled under the lights. Surrounding her, red
sparks erupted, whether from firearms or supernatural abilities. She
closed her eyes with a serene smile, surrendering to her fate.

*Mother, I see the light.*