---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1745
index: 276
section: vol3
slug: 276
title: The Disappointed Susie
---

## Chapter 276: The Disappointed Susie

Jenna, who had no experience in relationships and was clueless about the
truth, didn't know how to respond to Franca's complaint.

Lumian roughly understood Franca's anger and disappointment.

*We're all here to infiltrate the Iron and Blood Cross Order. Why is the
test scheduled just a month after your joining? I've been here for
nearly a year, and I'm almost giving birth to Gardner Martin's child,
yet there's still no progress!*

*This makes me look like a failure!*

After carefully considering Franca's thoughts, Lumian replied earnestly,
"This might not be an opportunity, but a danger.

"The fact that they want to 'audit' me so quickly suggests they might
see me as expendable. Or perhaps my Beyonder pathway is just right and
could be useful for something recent."

Jenna found Lumian's explanation reasonable and quickly advised Franca,
"Maybe the Boss didn't 'audit' you because he cares for you and doesn't
want you involved in dangerous matters."

"..." Franca's expression turned odd. "That's not right..."

This made her feel guilty for deceiving others.

When Madam Judgment arranged for her to be an undercover agent in the
Savoie Mob and wait for an opportunity to join the Iron and Blood Cross
Order, she had been explicitly instructed not to sacrifice herself by
seducing the target. The Tarot Club didn't engage in such tactics.
Later, as a Witch, she wanted to experience a romantic relationship with
a man, and Gardner Martin happened to be interested, so they became
lovers.

From Franca's perspective, this was a pure, joy-sharing relationship
that didn't involve any emotional aspects. They wouldn't have real
expectations of each other. After the mission was completed, they would
part ways without hesitation and continue with their exciting lives.

Of course, at that time, the Iron and Blood Cross Order might have
already suffered a setback. It remained unknown if Gardner Martin could
continue with his exciting life.

If Franca had enough strength, she would have rehearsed the scene of a
cold assassin killing her lover.

After a few seconds, Franca exclaimed, "Impossible, impossible!"

"That guy is very chauvinistic and discriminates against women. Him not
auditing me must be because he thinks that a woman should just manage
the dancers well and have the ability to protect herself. She should
just bear a child sometime later. She doesn't need to be qualified to
join the core group!

"Dammit! Did I fail because of my gender?"

What she didn't want to admit was that the undercover mission had likely
failed because she took a chance, which led her to form a stronger bond
with Gardner Martin.

Cannon fodder didn't matter if they were male or female!

It didn't matter if the expendables of a secret organization were male
or female either!

Jenna and Lumian exchanged glances and pursed their lips. Then, they
turned to Franca and asked curiously, "How can you tell that the mission
is a test?"

Those two monsters were undoubtedly terrifying and dangerous!

Jenna didn't think she was as foolish as Lumian had teased her, but she
knew she lacked experience in mysticism and playing these kinds of
games. Subconsciously, she yearned to learn more.

Franca smiled again and said confidently, "I deduced it from the whole
process and final outcome.

"Think about it. Does this matter really require Ciel, Simon, and
Christo's involvement?

"Find a couple of key members who understand the situation roughly.
Follow the procedures and precautions, and you can escape the monsters
and retrieve the box successfully. Moreover, there's no need to worry
about leaks or give them any special reminders.

"No matter how dangerous the darkness around us seems, the fact that
nothing happened this time suggests that there's a way and people to
resist them. If someone else were to go, they could still complete the
transaction."

Jenna pondered Franca's analysis for a while and exclaimed in
admiration, "That's true... Dammit! Why didn't I think of that just
now?"

Hearing this, Franca and Lumian exchanged smug and pleased glances.

The fact that Jenna could curse meant she was gradually feeling better!

Lumian had also considered this before concluding that the Boss was
"auditing" him.

So, it was very likely that there were observers around him during this
period.

After some thought, Lumian asked Franca, "Do you know what those two
monsters are?"

They lurked underground and were suspected to be related to Fourth Epoch
Trier. Lumian might have to venture underground in the future using
Earth Blood mineral. Knowing about the terrifying monsters he might
encounter would help in his preparations.

Franca appeared thoughtful.

After a while, she said uncertainly, "Neither I nor anyone I know has
encountered such monsters, but I've heard rumors from sailors.

"On the Sonia Sea, there's a port called Bansy. Once, a humanoid monster
with a spine and no head appeared there. It sounds quite similar to what
you described, but the port is now abandoned, likely due to damage
caused by a high-level power."

*Bansy?* Lumian wasn't unfamiliar with the term.

Madam Magician had used it once to illustrate Cordu's likely fate. It
had been severely corrupted and directly destroyed by the Church,
leaving a deep impression on Lumian.

After chatting for a while, Lumian and Jenna returned to Salle de Bal
Brise. Jenna had changed into a beige fluffy short dress and transformed
into Showy Diva.

Late at night, upon returning to Room 207 of Auberge du Coq Doré, Lumian
drew the curtains and unfolded a piece of letter paper. He penned down
his encounter, thoughts, and Franca's analysis, preparing to send it to
Madam Magician.

Shortly after, he arranged the altar, creating a wall of spirituality,
and summoned the arm-height puppet messenger.

In the faint blue candlelight, Lumian gazed at the pale-white spirit
world creature in a light-gold dress, with light-blue eyes and pure
golden hair. A sudden idea struck him, and he asked thoughtfully, "Is
there someone monitoring me nearby?"

The messenger spoke in an ethereal and illusory manner, "Yes."

*There really is...* Lumian wasn't surprised and pressed
further, "Can he or they discover that I'm summoning you?"

The messenger's eyes flickered as she replied disdainfully, "They're not
worthy."

Relieved, Lumian thanked Miss Messenger and watched her vanish into the
candlelight with the letter.

Before long, a neatly folded reply appeared on the desk in Room 207.

Lumian skillfully opened it and began reading.

"It's not a good thing to be chosen so quickly and be tested.

"From now on, especially after becoming an official member, you have to
be more careful. Once you're assigned a mission and feel that things
aren't simple, something that even Mr. K might not be able to handle,
find an opportunity to summon my messenger and inform me.

"The two monsters you encountered are indeed similar to those in Bansy,
but they are quite different. They seem to have their own consciousness.

"As for what abilities and characteristics they can display, since Bansy
Harbor has already been destroyed, I can't give you any useful
information.

"I believe most of what the head said is true. What it didn't say was
that it and its body might have entered Fourth Epoch Trier during the
months he was missing.

"There's a high chance they possess a method to enter Fourth Epoch
Trier. You need to pay special attention to this matter.

"By the way, the Sequence after Alms Monk is a Contractee. You need to
sign a contract with different creatures and obtain one of their
abilities. When the time comes, don't be in a hurry to choose. Write a
letter and tell me that you already have the corresponding power. I can
give you a pile of information on spirit world creatures for you to
choose from. I have significant knowledge in this area. I'll also give
you a copy of Sights in the Spirit World."

*Madam Magician truly possesses a deep understanding of the spirit
world...* Lumian gleefully crumpled the letter and watched it
fuse with the crimson flames.

___

On the sunny Sunday afternoon, Lumian satisfied his hunger and hopped
into a public carriage headed for Trier's botanical garden. After buying
tickets, he leisurely strolled through the vibrant flora.

He marveled at the sight of many plants he had only encountered in
books, newspapers, and magazines, including the Donningsman Tree, which
the Intisians mocked as Loen's national tree.

These trees originally thrived in the rainforests of the Southern
Continent. Legend had it that the sap from these trees could promote
hair growth, a tempting prospect for many Loenians lacking significant
hair volume.

Around 3:30 p.m., Lumian made his way to Mason café and settled into
Booth D. He ordered a cup of Reem espresso, eagerly anticipating the
arrival of Psychiatrist Madam Susie.

Before long, he heard a familiar, gentle female voice.

"Good afternoon, Mr. Lumian Lee."

Without turning around, Lumian smiled and replied, "Good afternoon,
Madam Susie."

Susie commented, sounding surprised, "Your mental state seems better
than I expected."

Lumian smiled wryly.

"Perhaps it's thanks to my previous treatment that I've regained some
inner strength.

"As the saying goes, what doesn't kill you makes you stronger."

Susie expressed her curiosity, asking in a conversational tone, "I
wonder if you're willing to share your experiences?"

Lumian pondered for a moment before looking ahead and muttering to
himself, "Are you in the same organization as Madam Magician?"

"Yes," Susie confirmed.

Relaxing, Lumian leaned back on the sofa, sipped his espresso, and began
recounting his ordeal.

From capturing Louis Lund to taking down Susanna Mattise and saving the
lives of most people involved in Paramita, he concluded,

"Since that day, my mental state has significantly improved. It's like a
fire still burning within my heart."

Susie responded gently, "Sometimes, life itself plays the role of a
psychiatrist. Those experiences indeed triggered your inner strength and
improved your condition. However, it also requires resilience and a
suitable personality. Otherwise, one might easily descend into a state
of collapse, despair, self-blame, and abandonment."

"And this vulnerability might be exploited by the Angel sealed within
you."

At this point, Susie's emotions were complicated. She added with a hint
of disappointment, "Your remarkable progress has rendered the treatment
plan I prepared for today useless."