---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1751
index: 282
section: vol3
slug: 282
title: Treacherous
---

## Chapter 282: Treacherous

Gardner Martin stepped out of the carriage and warmly embraced Lumian.

*Oh, his attitude changed instantly...* Lumian criticized as he
returned the hug. After the embrace, Gardner Martin let go and smiled,
declaring, "From now on, we're true brothers."

*True brothers? Can I inherit your estate if you die?* Lumian,
whose mental state had improved significantly and had successfully
passed the difficult "test," held back his teasing thoughts.

"You're still my boss," Lumian said, his habitual loyalty shining
through in his words.

He thought that while it might have been a bit over the top, the gesture
didn't feel insincere or out of place.

Gardner Martin laughed.

"In the future, when there's nobody else around, you can call me
'Commanding Officer.'"

"Commanding Officer..." Lumian found the title a little strange.

The Iron and Blood Cross Order was a secret organization, not an army.

Gardner Martin didn't offer any explanation; he just smiled.

"Come to 11 Rue des Fontaines at 8 p.m. tonight. That's when your
initiation ritual will take place."

With that, he gave Lumian's shoulder a reassuring pat.

"Rest well now."

Lumian acknowledged his words with a nod and bid farewell to the boss of
the Savoie Mob. He made his way back to Auberge du Coq Doré and drew the
curtains of Room 207.

It was already past 6 a.m., so Lumian didn't need to catch up on sleep.
He sat at the wooden table and began writing to Madam Magician. He
recounted the previous night's encounter and Termiboros's performance.
Finally, he inquired about how to report this matter to Mr. K.

Alone, Lumian couldn't avoid the peculiar "abnormality" in the abandoned
building. He needed to explain the situation convincingly to Mr. K
without revealing that he possessed The Fool's seal and an Angel from
the Inevitability domain.

After neatly folding the letter, Lumian set up a ritual and summoned the
"doll" messenger in the light-gold dress.

The messenger lowered her head and nodded with satisfaction upon seeing
the square-shaped letter.

As she levitated the letter, she warned Lumian, "Someone is still
monitoring you."

*Huh? I didn't notice it at all... His tracking, concealment, and
observation skills are impressive... *Lumian prided himself on
being a skilled Hunter with strong anti-tracking abilities. Yet, he had
failed to detect the presence of the monitors!

*Mr. K's subordinates? No, if Miss Messenger felt the need to warn me,
it couldn't be the Aurora Order... The monitors sent by Gardner Martin
must still be lurking, even after passing the test and facing that
abnormal corruption last night. I've let my guard down after being
informed about my induction, and that's made me vulnerable... Damn, how
cunning!* Lumian realized he had been too naive and not cautious
enough compared to Gardner Martin.

If he hadn't pretended to be exhausted from sleep deprivation and
torture, drawing the curtains to sleep would've been an obvious red
flag. It would have definitely raised suspicion among the monitors.

At the same time, Lumian was grateful that Madam Magician's messenger
seemed powerful enough not to be detected by the monitors.

After sending off the "doll" messenger, Lumian lay on the bed, waiting
for a reply. When it finally arrived, he read the message carefully.

"As a secret organization with a history spanning two to three
centuries, the Iron and Blood Cross Order doesn't recruit members so
readily. The fact that they are allowing new members to be corrupted
goes against the test I know of.

"It appears that the Iron and Blood Cross Order has undergone some
negative changes over the years. Don't rush to uncover the reasons
behind this just yet. Take it step by step and focus on protecting
yourself for now.

"When Termiboros offered help and warned you, it was likely because He
didn't want you to be corrupted or perish outright. That would have an
impact on Him. At the same time, He probably wants to earn your trust
before revealing His true intentions at a critical moment.

"Always remember that an evil god's Angel is a true madman. He will
surely bring disaster to you and those around you. Stay vigilant at all
times. You must both use Him to your advantage and guard against His
treachery.

"As for Mr. K, it's simple. Just explain that you recited that entity's
honorific name at a crucial moment, and miraculously, you remained
untainted.

"Don't worry about him verifying the authenticity of your claim with
that entity. Devout believers wouldn't do such a thing. Besides, even
the entity Himself might not be certain if He responded to your
prayers."

*Wh---* Lumian felt a bit bewildered by the last part.

*How could a deity not know if He had responded to a specific
believer?*

*Isn't that too absurd?*

In an instant, Lumian recalled something Madam Magician had once told
him.

If he used anything other than the three-line honorific name to pray to
Mr. Fool, she couldn't guarantee that the response would be from that
great being. It could be very dangerous.

*Something similar to this situation? Matters involving deities are
truly unfathomable. And any mistake could lead to a situation more
tragic than death... Could Aurore have faced the same problem?*
Lumian's thoughts drifted.

For the past few days, he had meticulously combed through Aurore's
grimoires, copying everything from the two highlighted time periods that
Madame Justice had pointed out. His plan was to show it to the vice
president of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, Madame Hela,
when the opportunity arose.

Franca had already read through the corresponding content and found no
suspicious details. The unconventional mysticism knowledge was just
ordinary spells that could only be cast by a Warlock or Beyonder of the
corresponding domain. Neither of them could practice it.

The only issue they found was that since the beginning of the year,
Aurore's grimoires had gained a significant amount of ritualistic
knowledge related to sacrificial rituals and secret deeds. These were
obtained from the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, but they didn't
point to any evil god or hidden existence. They were more basic
applications.

A crimson flame engulfed the letter, turning it to ash in Lumian's hand.

He lay down and pretended to sleep, but his mind was busy contemplating
the grimoires and planning his next steps.

The most important thing to him was that the one-month deadline set by
the Prophecy Spell was approaching. Guillaume Bénet, the padre, would
appear somewhere in Quartier de la Princesse Rouge.

___

In the hill district, at the entrance of Deep Valley Cloister.

Franca, dressed as a typical bounty hunter with a fake mustache and a
top hat, sighed to Jenna,

"There's really no clue at all."

Jenna was disguised in a white shirt, brown vest, dark pants, and black
boots, with a brown beret. She had altered her features slightly to look
more ordinary, without any moles or smoky makeup.

As they gazed at the peculiar iron-black building with steel components
and massive chimneys resembling steeples, it felt more like a special
factory than the Church of the God of Steam and Machinery cloister.

At that moment, white smoke billowed from the chimneys, accompanied by a
loud mechanical roar.

"It's mainly because those monks don't want to interact with
outsiders..." Jenna replied, feeling frustrated.

For the past few days, they, like other bounty hunters and private
detectives, were only allowed to enter the first-floor courtyard. They
could only inquire with the new gatekeeper and a few other servants.

The ascetic monks only provided a list of relevant personnel's
statements.

Franca diverted her gaze and clicked her tongue.

"This won't be an easy case. Otherwise, the official Beyonders would
have figured it out by now.

"Since we can't find any clues in the cloister, let's take a look
around."

"Alright." Jenna lacked experience in such investigations and was still
learning from Franca.

They strolled around the cloister in the valley, occasionally
encountering other investigators drawn by the high bounty.

After about fifteen minutes of walking, they came across a mountain wall
showing signs of collapse and new trees growing.

On the side of the mountain wall, there was a cave sealed by a heavy
wooden door. A man in his forties sat beside it, seeking shelter from
the wind and rain.

He flipped through old newspapers with comic strips, occasionally
chuckling. A brass key hung from his waist.

Franca approached and asked in a deliberate hoarse voice, "What's this
place?"

The plain-looking, slightly ragged man glanced up at Franca's face and
frowned a bit.

His gaze quickly shifted to Jenna, and he seemed more at ease.

"This is the entrance to the Deep Valley Quarry.

"I'm a gatekeeper."

"Why is there a door, and why is it locked?" Jenna had seen a real
quarry south of the market district.

"This place is abandoned and could collapse anytime. We can't allow
anyone daring enough to disturb a sleeping tiger," the gatekeeper of the
Deep Valley Quarry explained with a smile.

"Is this place not connected to Underground Trier?" Franca inquired.

The quarry's gatekeeper shook his head.

"It's on the verge of complete collapse. How could it be connected? I'm
about to lose my job!"

With that, he looked at Jenna and tried to be friendly.

"Do you want some work? I'll pay you to have some fun with me---just
once."

"You Trieriens..." Franca tutted and shook her head.

Jenna responded with her usual catchphrase, rejecting his proposition.

___

8 p.m., 11 Rue des Fontaines.

Lumian followed Gardner Martin's butler, Faustino, across the lawn and
through the hall until they reached a windowless room.

Inside, there was a dining table, but it didn't resemble a lavish villa
restaurant. Instead, it appeared quite plain, almost empty.

Lumian glanced around and noticed three rows of dishes neatly arranged
on the table. The first row held various utensils, the second row
contained cups and bottles, and the third row displayed prepared dishes
and unlit candles.

The setup was meticulously symmetrical, forming three parallel lines.