---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1767
index: 298
section: vol3
slug: 298
title: Rose School of Thought
---

## Chapter 298: Rose School of Thought

*Mr. Fool's Church?* Lumian was both surprised and unsurprised
by the answer.

He hadn't expected the Church of The Fool to have a large number of
Beyonders from the Prisoner pathway, but he figured that, according to
the Bible's description, it wasn't too surprising for anyone from any
pathway to appear.

Franca smiled and began to explain in detail, "Actually, the Prisoner
pathway Beyonders of the Rose School of Thought and the Prisoner pathway
Beyonders of the Church of The Fool were originally one."

"They later fractured?" Lumian hazarded a guess.

Franca confirmed tersely. "The Rose School of Thought is an incredibly
ancient organization, boasting a history stretching back over two
millennia, even predating the Fourth Epoch---prior to the Cataclysm."

*Over 2,000 years old...* Lumian was astonished.

When he learned that the Iron and Blood Cross Order had been established
only 200 to 300 years ago, he had considered it ancient. But compared to
the Rose School of Thought, the Iron and Blood Cross Order seemed like a
child who hadn't even attended compulsory education.

Franca continued, "The Rose School of Thought was originally an orthodox
organization in the Southern Continent. It ruled the Paz Valley and Star
Highlands, where the government and the church were one, until the
invasion of the Northern Continent's countries."

"When the invasion occurred, they lost their country and went
underground, becoming clandestine. On the one hand, they resisted the
colonists and attempted to expel them from the Southern Continent. On
the other hand, they frequently caused terrorist acts in the Northern
Continent. Heh heh, this actually had no effect on their resistance to
colonization. Instead, it incurred the hatred of the people of various
countries. Of course, their primary goal might not be this. Perhaps it's
purely for blood sacrifice and certain rituals."

"How did they fracture?" Lumian was more concerned about this question.

Franca leisurely paced two steps in the living room.

"The Rose School of Thought has held different beliefs for ages. Their
core principle revolves around the notion that willpower is born from
diverse desires, capable of reshaping reality and achieving incredible
feats. Yet, there's a divide in how they approach these desires.

"Some adhere to indulgence, embracing passionate cravings at all times,
even resorting to bloody or primitive sacrificial rituals to bolster
their willpower. On the other hand, the temperance faction, working from
the potions' names, advocates for suppressing desires, keeping them pent
up within their hearts, only unleashing them during critical moments to
unleash formidable forces.

"Hence, one faction is known for indulgence, while the other is the
temperance faction."

*Prisoner...* Lumian silently echoed the name of Sequence 9
potion and pondered. "I reckon the temperance faction has got it right."

"Any sensible person would think the same. After all, the body is like a
cage for the heart, and the world is a cage for the body. Madness must
be curbed, and desires must be reined in," Franca sneered. "But there'll
always be a few with a few screws loose. After indulgence, all that's
left is madness. They'll barely be able to retain their basic
faculties."

*No wonder the Werewolf reacted that way... It seems he truly belongs to
the Rose School of Thought... If the others in their ranks share his
mindset, it only confirms their strength. Surviving to this day without
wit would demand remarkable strength...* Lumian's thoughts
carried both mockery and vigilance.

Franca gazed out the window, watching the daylight grow brighter, and
spoke, "In the beginning, the indulgence faction and the temperance
faction barely tolerated each other. If you ignore me, I won't meddle
with you or the people you protect. But later, the indulgence faction
started claiming that the Chained God, whom both factions believe in, is
actually the embodiment of some evil god."

*Some evil god... Giving in to desires...* Lumian's brow
furrowed as he sought confirmation.

"Mother Tree of Desire?"

"Yes," Franca smiled. "Someone you know, or rather, a deity you know."

*No, I don't want to know Her at all... The Rose School of Thought
actually believes in the Mother Tree of Desire. The Werewolf's
investigation of the Savoie Mob's information seems more complicated
than I suspected... Does the Bliss Society have any connection to the
Rose School of Thought? Or do they withhold such information?*
Lumian fell deep into thought.

Franca sighed sincerely and said, "Powers related to desire can be quite
useful, but why can't they be used for the right purpose?"

"Blame it on the evil god?" Lumian cautioned his companion. "It's best
if you don't try."

Franca smiled sheepishly and said, "I still know what I can try and what
I shouldn't. I understand the dangers posed by evil gods better than
you."

"Yes, later on, the indulgence faction launched a surprise attack on the
temperance faction and inflicted severe injuries. The remaining members
of the temperance faction fled in a sorry state and were hunted down for
a long time until they found protection under Mr. Fool."

"I've heard that Saint Sharron from Mr. Fool's Church was once a member
of the temperance faction. Likewise for the Angel of the Holy Spirit
beside Mr. Fool's throne..."

*The indulgence faction is terrifyingly powerful to be able to hunt down
the Angel-led temperance faction and send them scurrying. There's no
doubt they have Angels, and not just one... And Mr. Fool's Church can
protect the temperance faction...* After hearing this, Lumian
gained a rough understanding of the Rose School of Thought's history. He
grew more confident in the Church of The Fool's strength and associated
some of the names from the Bible with significant figures in reality.

Simultaneously, he understood why the Knight of Swords, the other holder
of a Minor Arcana card, intended to blow up the Rose School of Thought's
weapons warehouse.

"Heh heh, should we stop calling it the Rose School of Thought? Can't we
just call it the School of Indulgence?" Lumian taunted.

Franca replied in amusement, "What a lame name! Do you think every
secret organization is as uncreative as the Iron and Blood Cross Order?"

As they chatted, they heard Jenna's familiar gait approaching.

Jenna opened the door and was taken aback to find Lumian standing there.

"Something happened to him last night," Franca explained.

"What happened?" Jenna scrutinized Lumian but found no signs of injury.

Franca briefly recounted the Werewolf and Rose School of Thought,
leaving out the deep connection that tied her, Lumian, and the Church of
The Fool.

The more Jenna listened, the more alarmed she became. She felt that a
Sequence 9 was nothing in the world of mysticism.

Her determination to become an Instigator as soon as possible grew
stronger.

After the discussion, Franca added, "I'll briefly explain the situation
of Zombie and the Wraith so you don't rush forward without knowing
anything or sense the abnormality without realizing it.

"Compared to Werewolf, a Zombie's greatest transformation is their
steel-like sturdiness. They're unafraid of fire, bullets, or
cannonballs. You need to hit the same spot more than five times in a row
to break through their defenses. As Zombies, as long as their heads
remain intact, they are not in danger.

"They have also mastered decomposition, frost, and death-type spells
that can awaken and control ghosts and corpses.

"A Wraith can freely transform into a specter. They no longer have a
physical body and are unafraid of physical damage. Their spellcasting
abilities are significantly improved. They can even forcefully possess
you, taking control of your body and making you kill yourself.

"After entering the Wraith state, they can traverse different mirrors
and use them to conceal themselves. Even if you activate your Spirit
Vision, it's almost impossible to see them directly.

"If you encounter something similar to a poltergeist, you mustn't be
careless. You have to consider the possibility of dealing with a true
Wraith."

Lumian listened attentively and pondered before saying, "Are attacks
targeting the spirit more effective against Zombies and Wraiths?"

"Yes, I recommend the abilities of the Sun domain," Franca said with a
chuckle. "However, I suggest that you run if you can when facing such an
enemy. If you can't, seek help quickly."

Lumian never found it embarrassing to ask for help. As he expressed his
agreement, he proposed a new idea.

"They're all members of the indulgence faction. Wouldn't it be better to
deal with them using an ability to influence desires?"

If that was the case, the mystical item made from Shadow Branch would
come in handy.

Lumian had yet to contact Madam Magician. He planned to wait for Mr. K
to reward him before deciding which domain's Beyonder characteristic to
match the Shadow Branch.

"In theory, yes, but it might have the opposite effect," Franca warned
him.

After discussing the Rose School of Thought, Jenna recounted how she had
been recruited as an informant and provided information about the Deep
Valley Cloister.

Franca genuinely felt happy for her.

"That's right. This way, you'll have a fixed source for resources, but
the officials are very strict about key items. You can't rely on them
completely."

Lumian hadn't expected Valentine to be in the market district as well.
He was concerned about his lack of necessary disguises. The Mystery
Prying Glasses could only be used at critical moments.

After some thought, he said to Jenna, "Showing your devotion to the
Eternal Blazing Sun in front of a Purifier will yield unexpected gains."

"You seem very experienced." Jenna's eyes darted around, sensing that
Ciel held many secrets.

___

Leaving 3 Rue des Blouses Blanches, Lumian strolled back to Salle de Bal
Brise.

The more he delved into secret organizations, the more he sensed his
lack of knowledge about mysticism.

Lumian sipped a glass of absinthe and settled into his office.

Just as he was about to find a more comfortable position, starlight
oozed forth, forming a dazzling and dreamy door.

The door swung open, and Madam Magician emerged. Today, she sported a
beige shirt, a brownish-yellow dress, and dark brown leather boots.

*What's the matter?* Lumian rose to his feet.

Madam Magician grinned and replied, "The friend I mentioned earlier, the
one who can help you decipher the symbolic elements, has finished his
recent work and is on a short vacation. I'll take you to him now."

Lumian responded with unusual excitement, "Alright!"