---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1778
index: 309
section: vol3
slug: 309
title: Restoring Confidence
---

## Chapter 309: Restoring Confidence

Naturally, Franca caught onto Lumian's true intentions; otherwise, her
Instigator potion would've been a wasted effort. She felt satisfied that
Lumian was one who wouldn't falter in a battle of sophistry, and she
hoped he could maintain that.

"Come on in." Franca gestured for Lumian to step into the living room.

Right then, boxes already occupied the coffee table, containing Demon
Throat Honeyguide and other ingredients.

Simply glancing at these items stirred something in Lumian, an urge to
devour them.

Thankfully, it wasn't overwhelming. It was more like hungry folks eying
a chef grilling lamb.

Jenna's focus had returned to the ingredients. Gazing at the white
porcelain broth bowl with its dual handles and cover, she found it
absurd that she was going to consume it the same way she had consumed
the Assassin potion.

*How was this potion concoction? It seemed more like cocktail mixing or
broth preparation!*

*Mysticism was nowhere to be found!*

Jenna inhaled deeply, then poured 100 milliliters of pure water into the
broth bowl using a measuring cylinder. She added the Demon Throat
Honeyguide and the Dark Prowler poison sac.

Amidst the bubbling sounds, the two main ingredients fused in the pure
water.

*A manifestation of the law of Beyonder characteristics
convergence...* Lumian observed closely, holding his words.

Franca carefully unsheathed a ritual dagger and conjured a wall of
spirituality around the living room.

The hive-like heart and the dark-green poison sac began to dissolve
simultaneously, coloring the pure water in the white porcelain bowl with
a gleaming black hue.

Jenna then added the syrinx of the Demon Throat Honeyguide, five drops
of blue Jimsonweed juice, and 10 grams of fern powder. Finally, she
tossed in an unpeeled walnut.

Watching the walnut disappear as if swallowed by crimson molten steel,
Jenna couldn't help but feel a shiver of fear.

*Can this thing really be drunk?*

"Not bad. It's exactly like the Instigator potion I brewed before,"
Franca commended with an easy smile.

*Of course it's the same. Concocting a potion is that simple...*
Lumian thought to himself.

Franca waved her hand, her confidence unwavering, and continued, "No
need to fret. Downing a Sequence 8 potion directly won't trouble you.
Plus, you've already digested the Assassin potion."

Infected by her confidence, Jenna's expression gradually turned
resolute.

Oh, you're employing Instigation, are you? Is this an upright approach
for an Instigator? Lumian grasped Franca's intentions, yet he didn't
call her out.

Jenna steeled herself and composed her mind. She picked up the
double-handled broth bowl and lifted it to her lips.

Gazing at the obsidian potion fizzing with tiny bubbles, as though
harboring hidden desires and ill intent, she tilted her head back and
poured the contents from the porcelain bowl into her mouth.

An acute pain coursed from her mouth down to her esophagus, radiating to
her brain and other parts of her body.

The pain jolted her awake, memories of the explosion at Goodville
Chemical Factory flashing through her mind. She gained fresh insights, a
better understanding of the true intentions and thoughts of those
involved. She sensed malevolent thoughts that had either come to
fruition or were waiting to be acted upon.

Soon, Jenna's heart was filled with rage, loathing, and a desire to
obliterate those individuals and matters. She felt an urge to cease
holding back and unleash her emotions.

Recalling Franca's repeated warnings, she resisted letting her hatred,
anger, and desires take the reins. She clenched her fists, standing
still.

Her shadow seemed to deepen, and her brownish-yellow hair appeared to
lengthen.

In a little over ten seconds, the pain gradually receded, and Jenna
reconnected with her body.

It's indeed quite easy... Most of the reason why I'm feeling half-dead
after gulping down potions at a low Sequence is due to Inevitability's
corruption... Lumian sighed.

Jenna swiftly gathered her thoughts and stretched her limbs, examining
the changes in her body.

"Oh, my body's definitely gotten stronger. And I've got this new
ability, Instigation..."

"It's actually pretty great. Instigation is more than just an ability.
It lets me feel what others are feeling---emotions, desires, even
malice. It sharpens my thinking and analytical skills. Ha, I'll have to
use this to my advantage. Can't have Ciel always making fun of my smarts
and performance...

"Even if I don't speak, using Instigation actively will make me seem
more reliable and approachable. It'll help folks around me think better
of me."

"With the Instigation ability and some clever talk, I can plant certain
thoughts or desires in someone's mind, making them choose to act the way
I want..."

After a quick adjustment, Jenna confirmed that her combat skills hadn't
improved significantly, but she could be much more valuable in other
situations.

"How'd it go? Told you there wouldn't be any trouble," Franca said with
a grin, her satisfaction not hidden at all.

Jenna's blue eyes still had traces of black threads in them. She let out
a relieved breath and replied, "I was a bit worried earlier."

"That's just the way it is at low Sequences. You'll need to be careful
when you move up to Sequence 7," Franca reminded Jenna, ensuring she
didn't underestimate the risks of a potion.

Jenna nodded and said to Franca, "I owe you 30,000 verl d'or, including
this time. I'll pay you back in installments."

She included the Assassin potion from earlier.

Franca had discussed this with Jenna the night before. She had intended
to treat it as a gift. After all, she could continue selling the potion
formula and information about the Deep Valley Quarry. However, seeing
Jenna's determination, she decided to accept it after some thought.

With a smile, she replied at that moment, "No need to rush. Take your
time repaying. You could even stretch it into a 20 or 30-year loan."

Lumian couldn't help but click his tongue and turned to Jenna. "Has the
compensation from the Goodville Chemical Factory come through?"

"Imre and Valentine told me the legal process is done. Once the auction
wraps up, the assets will be distributed---perhaps in two weeks." Jenna
didn't quite grasp why Lumian was suddenly bringing this up. "Julien and
I should get around 6,000 verl d'or. We'll split it evenly after
settling our debts. Honestly, I don't really want it, but he won't agree
for sure."

Lumian nodded and inquired further, "And what about your father's
compensation?"

"Because of the Goodville Chemical Factory explosion, the court's given
its final say, but the factory owner's dragging his feet. Ugh, is he
trying to move his assets out before he pays up?" Jenna's tone carried a
hint of anger as she spoke about it.

A chuckle escaped Lumian's lips.

"How about this? We pay a visit to the families waiting for compensation
soon. You 'instigate' them, and I'll 'incite' them. We alternate, gather
them at the factory owner's place, and demand what's owed to them. It
helps them and gives us a chance to digest the potion."

"The factory owner's got a bunch of armed guards, and he's got ties to
the police. What if they hurt the people just asking for their dues?
They're already going through so much," Jenna expressed her concern.

Lumian arched an eyebrow and replied, "The court has made its decision.
They've got every right to seek their compensation. If anyone dares to
fire shots, I promise they won't shoot again. Don't worry, with us
around, they'll be safe. Besides, you can give the heads-up to the
Purifiers. They'll understand."

Jenna was convinced, her thoughts racing.

"Dammit, you're inciting me!"

While she grumbled, she accepted Lumian's idea and decided to gather
information as soon as possible to figure out where the factory owner
was now residing.

Simultaneously, another thought crossed her mind. "Now that I'm an
Instigator, I need to interact with the entrustee. It's a task from the
Purifiers. Franca, when's the next meetup?"

Franca said indignantly, "Next weekend. Reaching out to the entrustee is
risky business. The Purifiers are kind of taking advantage of your lack
of knowledge by only advancing you one ingredient for the Instigator
potion. If it were me, I'd demand a better deal!"

*Habitual instigation...* Lumian chuckled inwardly.

As Franca and Jenna tidied up the coffee table, Lumian remained seated
in an armchair, looking all repulsive.

After a while, Jenna approached him, her body lowering.

Lumian turned his head in surprise.

With a confident smirk, Jenna adjusted her hair.

"I can safely say that you didn't just show up to watch me drink that
potion for dealing with Guillaume Bénet."

Her grin was playful and teasing. Though she wasn't wearing makeup, it
brought Lumian back to their first meeting when she was an underground
singer at Salle de Bal Brise.

Before Lumian could respond, Jenna straightened up and strolled toward
the bathroom, leaving behind a casual question.

"Is it really so hard to admit that we're friends and you care about
your friends?"

___

On his way back to Salle de Bal Brise, Lumian mulled over his role as
Pyromaniac.

He was teetering on the edge of taking the first step towards digesting
the potion; his hunger for more acting chances was insatiable.

*Though I must set aflame minds and society, I cannot overlook the
elemental act of kindling substances and fulfilling fire's symbolic
essence.*

*Who would be a suitable candidate for burning...*

As these thoughts raced through his mind, Lumian's gaze spotted Baron
Brignais.

The mob leader, who usually emulated Gehrman Sparrow, had discarded his
customary poise and genteel demeanor. Instead, he marched restlessly and
agitatedly along Avenue du Marché, his eyes darting around incessantly.

Lumian fixated on him briefly, though Baron Brignais remained oblivious.

Baffled, he retraced his steps to Salle de Bal Brise and inquired of
Sarkota, who had once served under Baron Brignais, "Do you have any
knowledge of what happened to Brignais? I observed him in a state of
great unease just now."

The reticent Sarkota glanced towards the café's glass window and
replied, "Baron Brignais's illegitimate son has gone missing."

*Illegitimate son? Gone missing?* Lumian's thoughts immediately
turned to the young lad Baron Brignais had picked up from the Suhit
steam locomotive station.