---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1781
index: 312
section: vol3
slug: 312
title: Hint
---

## Chapter 312: Hint

Though Lumian maintained a cautious skepticism toward Termiboros, his
curiosity about the enigmatic "stroke of fate" continued to gnaw at him.

The way Termiboros had alluded to the Earth Blood ore as an "encounter"
had caught his attention. Could this time involve Ludwig, the young boy?

There was something off about this fellow, something amiss. Yet, as
their conversation unfolded, Lumian came to acknowledge Ludwig's
intelligence, origins, and apparent devotion to the God of Knowledge and
Wisdom. Despite this interaction, Lumian found himself gaining no true
insights or foresight. It was unlike his understanding of the Earth
Blood ore's potential, which hinged on specific conditions of going
underground, finding the right area to encounter something.

Once again, Termiboros's powerful voice reverberated through Lumian.

*"The moment will reveal itself."*

"Can't you people make yourself clear?" Lumian's frustration surged, his
blood boiling in his veins..

*"I'm unlike what you consider people,"* Termiboros responded,
straightforwardly. *"I'm a Mythical Creature."*

"..." Lumian was left speechless, taken aback. He forced a scoff and
retorted, "I doubt even your sealed form can truly grasp fate's threads.
Each time, your answers are mired in vagueness. What sets you apart from
amateurs in the Divination Club? If you possess the power, reveal
clearly where my next opportunity lies!"

Termiboros responded with a deep tone, *"Tonight, at 11 p.m., Rist
Docks, Warehouse 3."*

Huh? Surprise coursed through Lumian; Termiboros's hint was unexpected.

Yet, within his astonishment, puzzlement persisted.

*Inevitability's Angel is that kind?*

*As a high-ranking Alms Monk, He shouldn't have been provoked so easily
to interpret my fate...*

*Could there be an ulterior motive?*

*Regardless, I'll consult Madam Magician's insight first.*

Lumian decided swiftly. He rose, departed Salle de Bal Brise, and
embarked on a journey to Rue des Blouses Blanches.

Executing a simple act of arson, he could initiate the initial potion
digestion step and contemplate gaining a Contractee boon. Despite his
anxiety, Lumian refused to lower his guard against Termiboros.

Within Rue des Blouses Blanches, in the safe house.

Lumian meticulously documented the particulars regarding Ludwig and
Termiboros's clue. Subsequently, he conducted a ritual, summoning the
doll-like messenger.

As Lumian awaited Madam Magician's response, he delved into a trove of
information concerning spirit world creatures. Reading the descriptions
of certain knowledge consumed a substantial amount of his spirituality.
Some even induced dizziness, nausea, frustration, headache, a burning
sensation, and illusions.

Similar to Aurore's grimoires' portrayal of profound knowledge about
deities and high-level creatures, this information is fraught with
intense corruption and perilous ramifications. If all the knowledge that
pursues humans bear such attributes, it's genuinely chilling. The
prospect of losing oneself upon hearing it or succumbing to immediate
demise is unsettling... Thus, Lumian punctuated his reading to safeguard
his mental well-being from plummeting to precarious thresholds.

After poring through descriptions of approximately 30 to 40 spirit world
creatures, Lumian stumbled upon a figure he recognized.

"Rabbit of Knowledge:

"Weak spirit world creature, friendly to humans and possesses an innate
thirst for knowledge. Their summons are rarely declined.

"Diverse experiences yield distinct Rabbits of Knowledge. Shared traits
include mastery of various languages, spoken and written communication
skills, and adept reading capabilities. Extracting salient information
from extensive knowledge is their forte, and their transcription speed
outpaces even mechanical typewriters.

"Drawback: Limited communication finesse and inflexible thinking. Some
Rabbits of Knowledge have been tainted by anomalous knowledge, evolving
into significant hazards. To summon, restrict choices to the friendly
and weak."

*So, it goes by the name "Rabbit of Knowledge." Summoning this entity in
the future should be more targeted... Yet, its abilities and attributes
are of limited value. If I had gone as per Aurore's vision of university
enrollment, I would benefit from its multilingual proficiency and strong
reading skills... Noteworthy, the text omits mention of its speed within
the spirit realm, implying its negligible worth in that aspect. It moves
sluggishly, drains spirituality...* Lumian lowered the document,
massaged his temples, and embarked on his third respite.

During this juncture, the messenger bore Madam Magician's response:

"I share curiosity regarding what encounter the lad named Ludwig would
bring. His appearance in Trier intrigues me; motivations remain
nebulous.

"Vigilance is prudent. His existence carries intrigue.

"Proceed. The window of acting presents itself to me as well."

*Can't you people make things clear...* Lumian's lips twitched,
absorbing the succinct message.

However, a nuanced sense emerged that Madam Magician's opening sentence
wasn't an immediate response. It resonated more as a condensed echo of
her contemplations.

In essence, Madam Magician, imbued with her astromancy prowess,
struggled to glean Ludwig's fate. Her perceptions seemed clouded,
suggesting she only harbored conjectures.

The obscurity surrounding Ludwig's destiny, evident in her inability to
perceive it, spoke volumes.

___

At 10:50 p.m., at Rist Docks, outside Warehouse 3.

Lumian took cover in the shadows, poised to seize the much-anticipated
opening for action.

Soon enough, two silhouettes approached Warehouse 3, drawing within a
mere five to six meters of Lumian.

One of them spoke hushedly, riddled with concern, "Héctor, the
accountants arrive tomorrow for an audit. How do we address this? Shall
I hire a thief to pilfer the account records?"

"What purpose would that serve? The moment they inspect the warehouse,
suspicion will arise. Our remaining stock barely equals a tenth of the
required amount." Héctor's tone escalated, simmering with intensity. "If
we're to proceed, we ought to do so comprehensively by reducing the
warehouse to ashes. This way, any discrepancies would remain concealed."

*I see...* Listening closely, Lumian deduced his cue to act.

As his companion wavered, Héctor interjected, "Fires are commonplace in
Trier, normalized in everyone's mind. Moreover, igniting them ourselves
isn't necessary. The market district swarms with miscreants and rogues.
Once the time is ripe, we can entice them to vacate Trier with a
handsome fee.

"Honoré, we can't wait any longer. You must decide now."

Honoré paused, then spoke resolutely, "Agreed! We'll locate Guy and
recruit him into our plan!"

The duo conducted a swift survey of the warehouse's surroundings before
departing for the docks, en route to rendezvous with their comrade, Guy.

After a brief trek, the sky abruptly reddened, casting an incandescent
hue across the scene. Simultaneously, the crackle of flames resounded.

Honoré and Héctor instinctively spun around, bearing witness to an
inferno emerging. Vermilion flames surged, fierce and ravenous, soaring
to engulf the structure.

"Fire, fire..." Héctor mumbled, a glint of realization dawning. "Indeed,
fire! Praise the Sun, it's a fire!"

Honoré exhibited a similar reaction, his right hand tracing a Triangular
Sacred Emblem over his chest, lips moving in muted invocation.

Yet, within the momentary elation, disquiet brewed within Honoré's
senses.

Trepidation tinted his voice as he discerned, "The warehouse isn't
aflame. It's our office!"

Positioned meters away from the warehouse was their office---a modest
gray two-story edifice.

The expanse separating it from the warehouse remained empty, devoid of
combustible material.

"..." Héctor's visage contorted in terror. Clenching his jaw, he spoke
with grim resolve, "We must set fire to the warehouse now!"

Even as the words left his lips, an explosion erupted from the locus of
crimson flames.

Though not seismic, the detonation garnered the attention of dock
workers and firefighters.

"Fire! Fire!" The clamor resounded as responders converged. In Trier, a
city renowned for frequent conflagrations, firefighters were seasoned in
addressing such crises.

Observing the scene, Héctor and Honoré, who hadn't reached Warehouse 3,
slumped onto the roadside, their vigor sapped.

At the entrance of the dock.

Albus, his hair now a fiery hue, averted his gaze from the raging blaze
to the middle-aged man at his side.

"Monsieur Guy, your colleague seems even more agitated than you."

Guy's complexion paled as he shook his head in bewilderment.

"The warehouse wasn't the target of the fire..."

A pause lingered before Albus sneered.

"I warned you already. Hesitation begets mishaps. Now, ponder your
escape. May you be more decisive this time."

Beside the unassuming two-story structure, Lumian gazed upon the soaring
flames. The timber and flammable materials metamorphosed into an
ephemeral dragon, casting his countenance in fiery red, eyes alight with
fervor.

With a grin, he advanced toward the blaze.

The duo's intent to commit arson entailed erasing incriminating evidence
by reducing the warehouse to ashes. However, Lumian's purpose was to
generate turmoil, inviting scrutiny that would unearth the discrepancies
within the warehouse!

Such was the duty of a responsible citizen.

A mantle of flames enveloped Lumian, adhering to his attire
obediently---merely a hair's breadth from ignition.

Donning the flaming cloak, Lumian marched into the roaring blaze.

Fire coalesced with fire, repelling smoke. Effortlessly traversing the
structure, Lumian exited on the opposite end of the dock.

Following the arson, Lumian acquired a rudimentary mastery over the
potion's powers. He tamed it, dispelling the burning sensation on his
skin and the trepidation in his heart.

While his potion digestion remained incomplete, Lumian had already
adapted to his present state, giving him the capacity to receive an
additional Inevitability boon.

___

After carrying out a few rounds of anti-tracking, Lumian returned to the
safe house on Rue des Blouses Blanches.

Initiating the initial step of digesting the Pyromaniac potion prior to
tracking down the padre filled him with satisfaction. He maintained a
smile, yet his demeanor faltered upon glimpsing the towering pile of
dense information within the iron cabinet.

It would take at least a month or two to finish reading them!

How could he identify an apt contracted creature in so brief a span?