---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1784
index: 313
section: vol3
slug: 313
title: Plans with Different Styles
---

## Chapter 313: Plans with Different Styles

Lumian stood before the iron cabinet, his mind immersed in
contemplation.

With just a handful of days remaining until the date designated by the
Prophecy Spell, Lumian earnestly aspired to secure Contractee status,
thereby attaining three distinctive abilities. This enhancement was
imperative prior to pursuing Guillaume Bénet. The augmentation would tip
the odds in his favor.

Relying solely on Pyromaniac, even in collaboration with Franca, now a
Demoness of Pleasure, and the support of Anthony Reid and Jenna,
prevailing against the padre's uncanny abilities remained tenuous.
Victory might be attainable, but apprehending the adversary without
incurring losses was a near-impossible endeavor---except if he enlisted
the assistance of the Aurora Order Oracle via Mr. K's finger.

This assessment solely considered Guillaume Bénet as Lumian's adversary.
If the padre had other confederates, alongside a cohort of bestowers or
Beyonders, and if he had grown mightier than his state upon departing
Cordu, Lumian's undertaking wouldn't assure triumph---even with Mr. K.

Lumian's aspiration was to pinpoint the padre's whereabouts and engineer
a snare, drawing him out. Such an approach would markedly simplify the
process. Nevertheless, Lumian needed to bolster his strength
substantially. Otherwise, the "fishing" operation would entail dire
jeopardy.

As Lumian perused the stack of dense information concerning spirit world
entities, his mind whirled, seeking avenues to locate a suitable
contract partner within a constrained timeframe.

*Should I designate a time frame for reading and strive to cover as much
ground as feasible? Then, my selection must derive from my existing
familiarity?*

*This proposition falls short of my expectations. It risks bypassing the
most fitting opportunity...*

*Although the circumstances aren't optimal, I must reconcile with
reality. Perfection remains elusive; I must confront my own limitations
head-on.*

*Son of a sow, it hasn't reached a juncture necessitating blind
acceptance!*

*For now, I'll withhold any definitive moves until I ascertain the
padre's whereabouts next week. I'll bide my time. Following the
completion of this information assimilation, a comprehensive strategy
will crystallize, right?*

*It will take approximately a month. The potential for accidents looms
large...*

*Uh, the Rabbit of Knowledge appears to have the ability to read and
extract key points. Can I summon one to help me read the information and
extract the keywords of every spirit world creature, like when I
whistleblowed? Then, I'll carefully study the corresponding spirit world
creatures based on the keywords...*

*It's a creature of the spirit world to begin with. Having come into
contact with such knowledge, it will definitely be less affected than me
and can last longer...*

Lumian gradually grew excited. The more he thought about it, the more he
felt that it was feasible to ask the Rabbit of Knowledge to help him do
the reading and write a brief summary.

He swiftly perfected the corresponding plan.

*That rabbit is quite stupid and silly. I have to design a table in
advance and list the 'page number', 'strength', 'whether it's friendly',
'brief description of abilities', and 'points of characteristics'. I'll
let it fill in the columns in step and order.*

*Unfortunately, a person can only summon one Rabbit of Knowledge at a
time. Otherwise, if I had ten or twenty, I will be able to complete the
summary on spirit world creatures before dawn...*

*If one person can only summon one, what about having more than one
person?*

*I can have Franca, Jenna, and Anthony Reid summon one each for
me!*

*Uh... Rabbits can read quickly, extract essential points, and fill out
summaries. Humans can do the same. Franca, Jenna, and Anthony can help
browse through the information and quickly extract keywords from the
columns.*

*I'll contribute knowledge, and they contribute labor, spirituality, and
time!*

Lumian's eyes grew brighter and brighter. He felt that if he pushed this
plan forward, even with frequent breaks to mentally recover and the time
to summon a Rabbit of Knowledge again, he should be able to produce a
summary on the spirit world creatures in twelve hours.

When the time came, he would browse through the summaries that wouldn't
affect his mind and select 20 to 30 suitable ones. He would read the raw
information in a targeted fashion and make a final decision.

The only problem now was that the information on these spirit world
creatures had been provided by Madam Magician; Lumian hadn't exchanged
it using contributions or money. He believed that before "sharing" with
others, he had to obtain the approval of the Major Arcana card holder.

This was basic respect.

Lumian sprang into action without hesitation. Swiftly, he composed a
letter outlining his inquiry and the comprehensive plan he had crafted.

Soon, Madam Magician responded: "For a moment, I don't know what to say
about your idea. It appears you possess an aptitude for such
considerations.

"Sharing your knowledge with your friends is permissible, but remember
to advise them against engaging with powerful or perilous spirit world
creatures. These entities hold no sway over you, thanks to Mr. Fool's
seal. It serves as a deterrent in the spirit world, offering you a
measure of protection that others lack."

"Actually, there are simpler and easier ways:

"Take the information to Two of Cups and spread it in every corner of
the room. Then, get Two of Cups to recite the divination statement
repeatedly and throw out three tarot cards or three coins.

"Choose whichever spirit world creature they land on. Even if it's not
the most suitable for you, it's relatively suitable. It might be useful
in a future occasion."

*Hiss, what a brilliant charlatan! Madam Magician is indeed skilled in
divination. Her style is completely different from mine...*
Lumian hadn't considered divination.

After careful consideration, he decided to follow his plan. The answer
chosen through divination always felt unreliable and unreal. He
subconsciously didn't want to rely on it.

By relying on his own intelligence and abilities to filter them out, he
would feel more confident and convinced.

Unless there was no other way, Lumian hoped to finish "reading" the
information before making a choice.

He burned Madam Magician's reply and carefully wrote up the form. For
the time being, he only made five copies.

Immediately after, he set up the altar to see if he could accurately
summon the Rabbit of Knowledge.

To this end, the summoning incantation he had devised was:
"Rabbit-shaped spirit that wanders about the unfounded, a friendly
creature that can be communicated with, a weakling who pursues
knowledge."

The choice to avoid using the human-coined "Rabbit of Knowledge" as its
name spoke of Lumian's respect for the enigmatic nature of these
creatures.

Having carefully considered his approach, Lumian ignited a solitary
candle and made a summoning in his own name.

His incantation concluded, and the candle's flame transformed into a
deep shade of green, expanding to resemble a human head in size.

From within the luminous green flame, a translucent creature emerged,
its appearance reminiscent of an amusingly awkward rabbit.

Relief washed over Lumian as the ritual proved successful. The
creature's presence signaled a triumph, and Lumian's experienced voice
addressed it, "I wish to share knowledge with you, seeking your
assistance in distilling key points and completing a form."

The rabbit's eyes brightened, and in a tone that mimicked Lumian's voice
and Trier's Intisian accent, it inquired, "Where is the knowledge?"

This was the first time Lumian had heard such a creature speak. He
didn't expect it to imitate his tone and pronunciation.

With purpose, Lumian retrieved a stack of information about spirit world
creatures he had yet to delve into. He gestured towards the form on the
table, articulating the task's parameters in a manner befitting a
creature of limited intellect.

The rabbit absorbed Lumian's guidance, its long ears drooping as it
committed the instructions to memory. Eventually, it nodded in
comprehension.

Seated at Lumian's desk, the rabbit's eyes sparkled as it engaged with
the information.

Lumian noted with satisfaction that, despite its unwilling nature, the
rabbit demonstrated proficiency in its repetitive task. It diligently
extracted pertinent details and methodically filled out the form with
words like "powerful" and "dangerous."

*Although it's not very smart, doing such repetitive work isn't a
problem for it... It's at least twice as fast as my reading...*
Lumian nodded in satisfaction and lay on the bed, preparing to close his
eyes and rest while the Rabbit of Knowledge was busy working to
alleviate his fatigue.

After an unknown period of time, he suddenly sensed danger and hurriedly
sat up.

He saw that the transparent rabbit had grown to two meters tall,
constantly flipping through the information and extracting.

"Stop!" Lumian didn't understand what was happening and instinctively
stopped the other party from coming into contact with the knowledge.

The rabbit turned its head, its eyes bloodshot.

After staring at Lumian for a few seconds, it reluctantly halted its
work.

Lumian's introspection led him to deduce the cause behind this
transformation.

As a creature of the spirit world, the Rabbit of Knowledge was similarly
affected by that knowledge, albeit to a relatively mild extent. However,
it wasn't like ordinary humans due to its lacking intelligence. It
didn't know to stop and rest after an abnormality unless it directly
endangered its life.

As it accumulated, it inevitably underwent a certain mutation.

*Phew, it's useful---that's true, but not having much intelligence is a
huge problem...* Lumian ended the summoning and allowed the
Rabbit of Knowledge to return to the spirit world and slowly recover.

He washed up briefly, lay on the bed, and prepared to rest.

An idea surfaced just before sleep claimed him. Lumian summoned the
rabbit once more and directed it to replicate a hundred copies of the
form he had devised.

Only then did he truly relax and fall asleep.

___

The following morning, Lumian was brimming with vigor as he set off for
Rue Anarchie. His first stop was to locate Anthony Reid, the information
broker, and discuss the potential of his assistance.

As he approached Auberge du Coq Doré, a figure emerged from a nearby
side alley.

It was Baron Brignais, adorned in a half top hat and a formal black
suit, mahogany-colored pipe in hand.

"I promised to catch up with you and express my gratitude for aiding me
in finding Ludwig," Baron Brignais began with a smile. "It's quite
surprising to find you neither at Salle de Bal Brise nor Auberge du Coq
Doré."

*Gratitude? Then help me read and write a summary!* Lumian
muttered subconsciously before swiftly dismissing the notion.

Compared to Anthony Reid, an information broker with a mental illness,
Baron Brignais was not only a member of the Savoie Mob, but his
background also seemed problematic. It was best not to let him discover
that his relationship with Franca didn't rely solely on Jenna.

A smile tugged at Lumian's lips.

"The night offers its own beauty. It's pointless to remain confined
within one's room. How do you intend to express your gratitude?"

Rather than providing a direct answer, Baron Brignais diverted the
conversation. "I may not have mentioned this earlier, but I converted to
the worship of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom a few years back."