---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1789
index: 318
section: vol3
slug: 318
title: Price
---

## Chapter 318: Price

Lumian recited in ancient Hermes, following the precise summoning ritual
as described in Aurore's grimoire and the mystical knowledge of
Contractees.

"The Fool that doesn't belong to this era;

"You are the ruler above the gray fog;

"You are the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.

"I beseech your shelter.

"I pray for your attention.

"I!

"In the name of The Fool, I summon:

"A peculiar creature wandering above the world, the enigmatic severed
hand, the bluish-black throat crusher."

Lumian crafted this summoning incantation based on insights from the
Abscessed Hand's data. As the ritual afforded some degree of protection
to the subject of the invocation, and since the Abscessed Hand was not
deemed perilous, he omitted the terms "weak" and "friendly," infusing it
instead with other phrases that would effectively pinpoint the target
creature.

The bluish-black candle flames surged, intertwining to shape an ethereal
doorway adorned with cryptic symbols. A faint gray mist filled the
surroundings, instilling an eerie atmosphere.

Gradually, the door creaked open, and a decaying bluish-black severed
hand emerged. It loomed twice the size of Lumian's palm, with the
potential to crush a human skull.

The afflicted severed hand hovered before the enigmatic illusory
entrance. Its fingers extended toward Lumian's throat, yet it abstained
from aggression.

Lumian retrieved a flask of military-grade alcohol, differing in hue,
unscrewed the cap, and drizzled a few drops towards the altar where the
Abscessed Hand stood.

The liquid struck the ground midway, but with a glint from the Scotch
Broom-shaped brooch, the Bribe was discreetly consummated.

Only then did Lumian speak. His voice resonated within his throat and
chest as he enunciated alien syllables.

These were words he had never encountered, sourced from the mystical
knowledge of Contractees, empowering him to master their pronunciation
and essence.

They fell under the Mystical Language of Fate, an integral part of this
arcane tongue.

Lumian's vocal resonance coalesced into silvery-black glyphs, akin to
symbols, materializing from thin air.

They descended upon the faux goatskin resting on the altar, melding into
a brief yet uncanny covenant.

As the pact solidified, Lumian established an intricate connection with
the Abscessed Hand, akin to utilizing the Summoning Dance to anchor it
to his very being.

Through this conduit, Lumian gleaned the rudimentary abilities and
traits of the Abscessed Hand, sensing its yearnings in the process.

These yearnings were the price Lumian had to pay.

"Locate my body, or godhood shall elude you forever!"

*An advance payment and a debt to be settled later... Could this be the
unfolding of the Bribe? No, that's not it. Upon sealing a contract, the
price is promptly remitted---manifesting as my inexorable fate of
ascending to demigodhood. Once I uncover the remaining segments of the
Abscessed Hand, the reward shall naturally replace the price...
Presently, it's akin to providing ample collateral...* Lumian's
musings raced as he gleaned the crux of the pact.

Concurrently, he found the coveted Spirit World Traversal ability from
the Abscessed Hand's attributes and qualities, inclusive of its
anti-divination, quasi-invincibility, and the skill to snap the necks of
those without godhood.

A trait intrinsic to the Abscessed Hand, not a mere ability. Its effects
marginally deviated from Lumian's expectations, yet remained within
tolerable thresholds.

With Decency's utilization window limited to fifteen minutes, the cost
was bearable, and its attributes neared sufficiency. Lumian squandered
no time, summoning the other candidates and vowing in ancient Hermes.

"I shall aid you in finding your body. Until then, godhood shall elude
me."

These words fused with the surroundings, morphing into wisps of
bluish-black mist that seeped into the faux goatskin parchment.

The Abscessed Hand descended, leaving a tincture of yellow-tinged,
sanguineous pus within the contract's vacant space.

Spontaneously, the covenant ignited, yielding myriad silvery-black
symbols and words.

They interlinked, configuring an intricate and enigmatic pattern,
abruptly condensing onto Lumian's shoulder.

Though concealed beneath his attire, Lumian's psyche conjured an image
of his right shoulder.

A curious black seal-like emblem materialized there.

Instinctively, Lumian apprehended that upon activating the contract
sigil, he could harness the Abscessed Hand's attributes to traverse the
spirit world. Dissolution of the contract was only conceivable upon the
demise of either party---a destiny preordained.

Without bothering to experiment with Spirit World Traversal, Lumian
terminated the summoning and embarked on a fresh ritual.

___

"In the name of The Fool, I summon:

"The vengeful spirit that wanders about the unfounded, the headless
bride in her eternal plight, and the wellspring of a bloodline's
malevolence."

Once again, the enigmatic illusory portal manifested, enshrouded in
bluish-black flames interweaving. A frigid wind swept forth,
transforming the summer night into a wintry chill.

Lumian observed a form materialize from within the illusory entrance.
Adorned in a vibrant red festive gown, meticulously threaded with gold,
the figure stood before him.

Without question, the figure lacked a head, exuding an aura of
deep-seated malice and resentment.

Lumian meticulously followed the prescribed procedure---utilizing the
liquor as a "bribe," reciting the contractual pledge. He discerned the
price demanded by the Headless Bride.

"Sacrifice a kin or friend."

"Thank you for your presence," Lumian murmured with a sardonic smile,
concluding the summoning.

From this seemingly fruitless summoning, he gleaned valuable insights.
He confirmed that Bribe wielded a degree of influence.

The original demand from the Headless Bride entailed a kin's sacrifice;
however, Bribe had managed to expand the scope to encompass friends.

Lumian's sights next shifted to the Human-Faced Mantis. He had
formulated a summoning phrase: "The vindictive spirit that wanders about
the unfounded, a hunter adopting mantis guise, a shapeshifter adept at
donning human semblance."

Amidst a peculiar swooshing sound, an immense, translucent cyan mantis
emerged from beyond the illusory door.

Its head bore the visage of youth, handsome and radiant, inadvertently
lowering one's guard.

Sensing the summoner's presence and gender, the mantis swiftly
transformed into a resplendent woman attired in a black evening gown.

Internally scoffing, Lumian meticulously fulfilled the entire sequence:
Bribe, recitation, and perception.

The Human-Faced Mantis delineated three categories of offerings,
requiring solely one to be met: "Contractor's reproductive organs;
Contractor's capacity for lying; Contractor's immolation at the stake."

*Post-Bribe, the stipulations underwent some relaxation, affording an
additional choice or two. This entity seeks but a single thing---human
anguish... The first aligns with his malevolence towards men. If I were
of the female gender, this option likely wouldn't surface... The second
corresponds to slanderers and false accusers, while the third aligns
with the stake he himself endured...* Lumian swiftly concluded.

As a Pyromaniac, the third demand posed no grave challenge. On one hand,
he exhibited formidable resistance to flames, and on the other, enduring
agony was his forte.

Were this choice absent, Lumian intended to forfeit and subsequently
summon several comparable spirit world beings later. Depriving him of
the power to lie would markedly undermine his capabilities, rendering
survival in a place like Trier implausible. He also wasn't certain if
his reproductive organs would return at 6 a.m. after sacrificing them;
he didn't want to take the risk.

Without delay, he found the Niese Face he sought from the arsenal of the
Human-Faced Mantis's abilities.

"Niese" had been the name of the Human-Faced Mantis during its living
days. The essence of this ability leaned more toward illusion than
corporeal transformation. Nevertheless, absent the means to nullify it
or godhood, piercing through the illusion remained beyond reach.

This occasion saw the black insignia affix to Lumian's left shoulder,
accompanied by surges of crimson flames welling from his feet.

Unperturbed by Lumian's actions, they ignited his attire and charred his
flesh.

Sensations reminiscent yet distinct from his encounter with Susanna
Mattise enveloped him. An amalgamation of familiar and unfamiliar
torment coursed through his consciousness, assailing his senses.

Swiftly forsaking his cherished belongings, Lumian clutched the Decency
brooch in his palm.

The conflagration endured for a full three minutes. Lumian's skin
charred, his clothes imprinting scorched marks onto his body.

For a Pyromaniac, such wounds posed no mortal peril---they scarcely even
qualified as severe. He maintained the vitality to prepare for the
ensuing summoning.

"The enigmatic creature wandering above the world, a mass of flesh
bedecked with myriad eyes, a participant in the abyssal realms of
nightmares."

As the chant resonated, a creature of flesh and sinew rolled forth
through the illusory door. Each flesh fragment sported a white eye, its
pupil veiled in obsidian.

Clasping the aluminum-white military flask, Lumian's grip faltered, and
he abruptly descended into a profound slumber, ensnared by the myriad
gazes.

After an indeterminate stretch, he snapped back to consciousness,
realization dawning that the ritual had concluded on its own accord. The
Thousand-Eyed Evil had retreated to the spirit world, forgoing a genuine
assault.

*I was lulled to sleep by mere sight. Communication is impossible...
Also, this level of influence lies beyond the ritual's inherent
protection...* Lumian exhaled, seizing the Salle de Bal Brise
pocket watch to ascertain the time.

*Thankfully, I only slept for a few minutes. There's still about three
minutes left...* Lumian focused, initiating afresh, summoning
forth the Shadow of Shriek.

*†*

"The spirit that wanders about the unfounded, a confluence of myriad
silhouettes, the progenitor of incapacitating shrieks."

Once more, the mysterious illusory entrance swung ajar. Yet, what met
Lumian's gaze wasn't an anomalous shadow coiled into a blob, but a
nebulous silhouette draped in a pitch-black armor resembling fish
scales.

Distinct from all armors documented in newspapers and magazines, this
suit bore scales each akin to miniature, writhing shadows.

*Hmmm... Could the summoning incantation have been imprecise, yielding a
kindred spirit world creature? It seemingly boasts an incapacitating
shriek. Let's first gauge the prospects of cementing a pact...*
Lumian fathomed the situation and embarked upon another cycle of Bribe,
utterance, and apprehension.

The Armored Shadow stipulated an offering: "A blood tribute of ten or
more lives or gold amounting to 100,000 verl d'or."

Courtesy of Bribe, the prerequisites exhibited leniency, demanding the
sacrifices be rendered within three months. Failing to comply would
precipitate contract retribution, a potentiality encompassing control
loss or, worse yet, fatality.

*A sum of 100,000 verl d'or...* Lumian discerned this to be
modestly manageable, thereby delving into the ability roster and traits
of the Armored Shadow to locate the coveted incapacitating shriek.

While scouring, he happened upon an ability bearing an intriguing
nomenclature: "Spell of Harrumph."