---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1798
index: 327
section: vol3
slug: 327
title: The Real Guillaume Bénet
---

## Chapter 327: The Real Guillaume Bénet

The memories of the false Guillaume Bénet surged, and Lumian found
himself immersed in the familiar confines of 50 Rue Vincent's cozy
parlor.

Draped in an air of regal poise, the counterfeit Guillaume Bénet stood
before the armchair, addressing the recipient of these memories with
calculated words, "Take this money and venture to Rue de la Muraille.
There, seek out the renowned courtesan of utmost repute. But you must
assume my looks, veiled by a mask."

With humility and deference, the memory's owner bowed. "Understood,
Archbishop."

And thus, this memory concluded. Lumian held a steadfast conviction that
the Inevitability bestowed before him was a meticulously crafted proxy,
a construct devised by none other than Guillaume Bénet himself.

It appeared that he had likely garnered a cohort of adherents to
Inevitability. From among them, he had singled out a candidate from
southern Intis, one who swiftly reaped three successive boons. This
candidate was meticulously endowed with the same abilities as him: the
summoning of the Abyss Demon Flower and the shroud of Invisibility. This
granted him an impeccable guise, perfectly mirroring the true him thanks
to the contracts' negative effects.

Of course, Transfiguration remained an integral, indispensable ability.

From this vantage, it became evident that Guillaume Bénet hadn't
neglected the adverse ramifications of the specialized covenant. He
might have contemplated this from inception or perhaps gained insight
subsequent to a dire prophecy, reviewing his recent undertakings.
Regardless, this counterfeit Guillaume Bénet---proficient in
Transfiguration---appeared to be a deliberate ruse.

Lumian suspected the presence of other Inevitability devotees who
clandestinely monitored the Dill brothel. They clandestinely shadowed
the sham Guillaume Bénet, primed to relay swift notification to the
authentic padre should danger befall his double.

In such a scenario, Guillaume Bénet enjoyed a distinct
advantage---whether he elected to abscond, leaving the product of this
Substitution Spell to grapple with looming peril, or opted to ensnare
his antagonists using the doppelganger as bait.

Synthesized with the fragments of the fake Guillaume Bénet's
recollections, Lumian surmised that the genuine Guillaume Bénet
primarily resided at 50 Rue Vincent. Yet, he permitted the substitute to
operate overtly, effectively obfuscating his true whereabouts.

Upon this realization, Lumian harbored a pang of vexation.

Had Albus not unearthed the sham Guillaume Bénet within the confines of
the Dill brothel, Lumian wouldn't have been lured away from the decoy;
he would have been affixed on the Guillaume at 50 Rue Vincent. This
would have spared him the frenzied teleportation prompted after the
incapacitation of the Substitution Spell's byproduct. Lumian would have
gravitated towards scouring the building, conceivably unearthing the
genuine Guillaume Bénet.

Granted, absent the synchronous "appearance" of Guillaume Bénet, Lumian
wouldn't have entertained notions of a Substitution Spell. He'd have
likely fallen prey to deception, swerving far from the path leading to
the authentic padre.

With this epiphany at the forefront, Lumian cast aside his intention to
scout for lurking Inevitability adherents. Recognizing that the bona
fide Guillaume Bénet had been alerted, Lumian terminated his Summoning
Dance and dissolved the wall of spirituality. Turning to Franca and
Jenna, shrouded in separate shadows, he intoned, "Let's head to 50 Rue
Vincent now."

Presently, Lumian clung to the hope that vestiges of clues lingered or
that Anthony Reid, entrusted with overseeing the locale, had gleaned
pertinent insights...

Franca and Jenna emerged from the shadows one after another, wasting no
time to inquire about the current situation. Lumian grabbed their
shoulders and activated Spirit World Traversal once more.

In the blink of an eye, their forms solidified within the modest
confines of 50 Rue Vincent's parlor.

Absent were the butler, valets, and maids, leaving an unattended
figure---unconscious, the result of the Substitution Spell---laid out on
the carpet.

A meticulous scan of the surroundings concluded with Lumian's approach.
He knelt beside the proxy, employing a variety of techniques to rouse
him from his stupor.

As the counterfeit Guillaume Bénet's eyes fluttered open, they met an
unfamiliar visage.

Startled, he jolted upright, fear tinting his tone. "Who are you? Why
did you barge into my house? Get out! I'll call the police! I'll call
the police!"

He recollected the recent attack---a curse-like assault!

Lumian drew his revolver and pressed it against the fake Guillaume
Bénet's forehead.

The substitute fell silent.

"Where is the true master of this residence?" Lumian's voice resounded,
deep and steady.

As if pierced by a sudden realization, the imposter Guillaume Bénet spat
out, "I am the true master!

"I'm the master here!"

Lumian's lips curled into a smile.

"In that case, I offer my sympathies. Your wife, it seems, ran off with
the butler with your valuables. The valets and maids, meanwhile, seem to
have embraced an opportunistic approach---essentially relieving you of
anything tangible except this house.

"In a while, the police will arrest you, citing your involvement in the
slaying of a vagrant and perpetrating cultic rituals and extensive
deceit."

A mosaic of fact and conjecture, Lumian's words emerged with an intent
to intimidate the substitute, dismantling any fantastical illusions.

Considering the retreat of the madame, butler, valets, maids, coachman,
and gardener from 50 Rue Vincent, Lumian inferred their conversion into
believers of Inevitability, orchestrated by the genuine padre. This
intricate maneuver camouflaged a multitude of cultic practices and
eccentric observances, all harmonized through the Substitution Spell.

The false Guillaume Bénet at Dill, having reached Sequence 7 Contractee
status, was indicative of multiple instances of boon-request rituals in
Trier. Innocents would undoubtedly become sacrifices, and the best
candidates were undoubtedly tramps.

At Lumian's declaration, the imitation Guillaume Bénet gazed about,
bewildered and panic-stricken, his voice piercingly beseeching,
"Paulina! Paulina!"

*Paulina... It's indeed the Condiment Beauty. Unfortunately, she's now a
heretic... *Lumian watched as the fake Guillaume Bénet fell
silent, his eyes filled with despair.

"Any final words?" Lumian inquired once more.

The fake Guillaume Bénet shuddered and said, "I'm real. I'm really the
master of this place!

"However, that woman---that woman is a succubus. She surreptitiously
lured someone and ensconced him within the cellar!

"Sh-she's having an affair with a devil!"

*Affair with a devil... In the basement... Was she secretly meeting the
real padre in private? Yes, the negative effects of Guillaume Bénet's
desire for coitus will always exist. They won't disappear just because
he has two substitutes...* Lumian scrutinized the mock Guillaume
Bénet, who tenaciously clung to his façade as the genuine master of 50
Rue Vincent. Left hand poised, he controlled his might, and with
precision, delivered a calculated blow behind the imposter's ear.

The fake Guillaume Bénet fainted again.

Lumian's strategy entailed swift exploration of the residence, as
allowing the imposter to run amok could inadvertently trigger calamity.

He rose to his feet, massaging his throbbing temples, and turned to
Franca and Jenna for an update. "Any word from Anthony Reid?"

"No." Franca shook her head gently. "It seems he followed your directive
to trail Madame Paulina."

Lumian tersely acknowledged.

"Then let's search this place and await his feedback."

Franca adjusted her black hood and emphasized, "One team of three. Don't
split up."

This was the "territory" of the heretics. Even if they had already
escaped, residual vestiges might still remain. Should they split their
efforts and encounter mishaps, timely rescue would be jeopardized.

When the authorities carried out such operations, they had to be at
least in groups of three or within sight of each other if they wanted to
split up.

Lumian issued a pointed gesture toward the staircase adjacent to the
parlor, "Let's proceed to the basement."

The trio descended, and as they did, Franca leaned to Jenna, her tone
hushed,

"Ciel's exchange with the counterfeit was textbook instigation. When you
return, dissect the intent behind each phrase."

"Okay." Jenna absorbed the counsel like a parched sponge.

In due course, they reached the basement door. Lumian turned toward his
companions,

"Preparations before we venture inside."

To thwart lingering echoes of Inevitability's powers or unconventional
creatures, precaution was paramount.

Promptly, Lumian, now adorned with altered visage and partially
lengthened hair, pushed the door open, revealing the basement's dim
recesses.

Within, an unremarkable array of miscellaneous items cluttered the
space. No conspicuous anomalies were apparent.

Just as Franca readied for Magic Mirror Divination, Lumian, with his
Hunter's acumen, discerned subtle traces.

With metallic clinks, he unveiled a concealed door.

Beyond lay a stairwell descending further into the subterranean depths.

The trio descended cautiously, arriving after moments at a vast yet
rudimentary chamber, bathed in gas lamp radiance.

It was unknown if Guillaume Bénet had created it himself or if he had
sealed off a portion of Underground Trier and modified it into a private
"territory."

In the center of the stone-floored hall stood an altar, surrounded by
ghastly white human bones, complete sheepskin, cowhide, and giant canine
skin.

Upon seeing this, Lumian was taken aback as he recalled one of the five
special ritualistic magics that Alms Monk had:

Animal Creation Spell!

Simultaneously, remembrances of the felines, avians, and canines
inhabiting the floor above, and the brown-furred dog nestled beside the
mock Guillaume Bénet, surged forth.

*Dog... Dog... Animal Creation Spell...* With an epiphanic rush,
Lumian pieced together the genuine Guillaume Bénet's concealment.

He had invoked the Animal Creation Spell to transmute himself into the
hulking, brown-furred canine. In this form, he paraded brazenly before
his counterfeit and the surrounding onlookers.

With a recitation of the preordained incantation, the true Guillaume
Bénet could rapidly molt his canine facade, resuming his human guise.

___

In the confines of the parlor, the counterfeit Guillaume Bénet remained
enshrouded in an unconscious reverie, utterly oblivious to the stark
duality between reality and illusion.

Cautiously, he inched the guest room door ajar, greeted by a jarring
tableau. Before him sprawled his beautiful wife, Paulina, ensconced upon
the sumptuous bed, unclothed, whilst a hulking brown-furred canine
loomed beside her. At the bedside, a plate bearing a medium-cooked steak
was positioned...

___

Amidst clenched teeth, Lumian communicated the enigma of the Animal
Creation Spell and his speculative hypothesis to Franca and Jenna, his
words resounding, "I hope we find that damned dog. No, he should have
shed his dog skin by now."

*Animal Creation Spell... Humans turning into dogs...* Jenna was
alarmed.

*The world of mysticism is so bizarre and terrifying!*

The three of them worked together and swiftly searched for traces.

Before long, Jenna picked up something from a crevice in the stone slab
and exclaimed in surprise, "I've found something!"

Franca ran over and realized it was brown dog fur.

Both approached Lumian, who continued his investigative fervor,
presenting their find.

Lumian's elation was palpable. He postulated Guillaume Bénet's evasion
via an underground covert route, disentangling him from Paulina and the
rest.

Then, they discovered a few strands of brown dog fur. Following the fur,
they found another hidden door.

After opening the hidden door in the rock wall, Franca performed a
simple Magic Mirror Divination and received a revelation that nothing
was amiss. Then, she followed Lumian and Jenna in.

At that moment, Jenna, who was in the middle of the group, lost sight of
Lumian. Franca was still following behind her.

Without waiting for Jenna to speak, Franca surveyed the room and
frowned.

"We've circled back to the sacrificial hall."

___

Emerging through the secret door, Lumian entered an expanse echoing a
quarry's cavern.

With gas lamps conspicuously absent, Lumian summoned forth a crimson
blaze to pierce the shadows.

Almost simultaneously, he sensed that Jenna and Franca hadn't followed
him.

*We got separated just like that?* Puzzlement swirled within
Lumian's mind, overridden by a low voice that echoed from the abandoned
mine's depths: "Lumian Lee!"