---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1808
index: 337
section: vol3
slug: 337
title: Magician's Speculation
---

## Chapter 337: Magician's Speculation

*Madame Hela has arrived in Trier?* Lumian held the letter with
a countenance etched in complexity.

In essence, nothing seemed awry about this development. After all, the
vice president of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, codenamed
Hela, had alluded to her impending visit to Trier beforehand. However,
Lumian's introduction to Roche Louise Sanson had occurred merely that
afternoon, sparking suspicions of Aurore's original body harboring
beliefs in Inevitability and hinting at a potential anomaly within the
April Fool's team. Strikingly, this very evening saw the arrival of this
woman in Trier, soliciting a meeting.

She had advised Lumian to keep a vigilant watch over Muggle's familial
roots, surmising it to be a promising avenue of investigation.

*Sheer coincidence, or is there another reason?* Lumian pondered
briefly before easing into his seat. Beneath the carbide lamp's glow, he
set pen to paper, commencing correspondence with Madam Magician.

In succinct prose, he relayed the day's occurrences, his discourse with
Franca, and the conundrum of the Armored Shadow. While he withheld no
mention of Hela's arrival, he refrained from disclosing the fact that
the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society's members hailed from an
alternate world.

Approximately half an hour later, Lumian received a response from
Magician:

"Giving up on the creature accompanying the boon and autonomously
choosing a contract partner from the spirit world was a prudent choice.
Your transition into an Inevitability Hunter, with the bestowed of the
Inevitability pathway as your objective, proves that my subtle guidance
bore fruit after all."

At this point, Lumian was a little puzzled.

*When had Madam Magician ever hinted at forgoing the strange creatures
that came with the boon?*

Suddenly, a realization surged forth.

Before praying for a Contractee boon, unaware that the mystical
knowledge it brought would encompass contract targets, Madam Magician
had offered him information on creatures from the spirit world for his
consideration.

*It was indeed a hint, but did it have to be so subtle?* Lumian
mused that those skilled in divination or enamored with astromancy
seemed averse to straightforward elucidation. Instead, they favored
dropping crumbs of insight or weaving riddles imperceptible to others.

After figuring this out, Lumian lowered his head and resumed poring over
Madam Magician's response.

"Sinners, a secret organization that venerates Inevitability, has been
around for more than six years. Its origins can be traced back to the
closing stages of the Loen Kingdom, the Feysac Empire, and the Intis
Republic's war. Roche Louise Sanson, the name you mentioned, might have
been an adherent of Inevitability, though perhaps not granted its
corresponding boons. In sum, that war provided evil gods more crevices
for invading our world.

"You've likely discerned the close connection between Roche Louise
Sanson and your sister Aurore. To a certain extent, they're one, yet not
wholly distinct personas. Much like the Rebirth ability, your sister
carried a prior background, resurrecting within the departed body of
Roche Louise Sanson. According to the normative progression, your sister
should've taken such a path:

"Integration of Roche's memories and sentiments→internal conflict→a
prelude to dissociative identity disorder→self-harmony→embracing a fresh
existence.

"If self-reconciliation fell short, engaging a genuine Psychiatrist was
requisite.

"Judging by your sister's behavior during the first five years, even if
her self-harmony remained incomplete, she fared reasonably well. Likely,
her disquiet was manageable. Yet, she found Roche's association with an
evil god unacceptable. This unresolved matter provided an opening for
the Soul Summoning Spell.

"Just as you're puzzled, why would she want to use the Soul Summoning
Spell on herself? It's a crucial question...

"I suspect that Sinners is not only the secret organization's name, but
also a Sequence 2 or Sequence 1 of the Inevitability pathway.

"The entity known as Inevitability does have authority over the past,
present, and future. You glimpsed this in your dream, did you not?
Sinners of the past and Sufferers of the present, do they not harmonize
splendidly? But what befits the future?"

*Sinners of the past, Sufferers of the present... I wonder if Termiboros
signifies the past or the future... Yes, Madam Magician's guess is
similar to Franca's, but she doesn't seem to agree that it's purely the
resurgence of a wraith. It rather appears a fusion of dissociative
identity and lingering spirit...* Lumian meticulously pondered
the message's depictions, wary of omitting any hints.

He was relatively calm now. Be it the real Roche Louise Sanson's revival
or Aurore's dissociative identity and the vestige of spirit unveiled
through the Soul Summoning Spell, he could embrace either without much
hardship.

One was an evil person doing evil deeds, and the other was his sister
being sick---what was so unacceptable?

Lumian released a deliberate, slow breath, shifting his gaze towards the
letter behind.

"The Armored Shadow problem is very complicated. Neither you nor the Two
of Cups should be privy to the specifics at this juncture. In fact,
prior to your summoning of such a shadow, I'd only heard of analogous
entities from Mr. Hanged Man. He's come across them only three or four
times, one instance even within a dream.

"In the future, as you summon the Armored Shadow again and fulfill your
commitment, remember to write to me and inform me of any noted changes."

*Mr. Hanged Man... The holder of the Hanged Man card in the Tarot Club?
Responsible for addressing the problem with the other world?*
Lumian's mind engaged earnestly, realizing Madam Magician's implicit
message: This entails a matter of high caliber. Details are beyond your
grasp for now, but you can investigate and follow leads within your
capabilities.

*This implies the Tarot Club's vested interest in the world represented
by the Armored Shadow...* Lumian tacitly nodded, his focus
returning to the remnants of the letter.

"I'll notify you when the timing for the final psychiatric treatment is
confirmed...

"Your mystical item should be ready within the upcoming week...

"Meet Hela. No glaring concerns on my end. You might even hint that
Aurore's anomaly might have stemmed from the sale of the Soul Summoning
Spell by an April Fool's member, gauging her reaction. As for telling
her about the Armored Shadow, it's up to you and the Two of Cups."

Lumian lightly brushed his fingertips, causing the crimson flames to set
the letter alight.

After completing this task, he composed a response to Hela.

"Honorable Madame Hela, if it suits you, let's meet tomorrow at 10 a.m.
at Quartier de l'Observatoire's Little Cow Café on Rue Ancienne."

Lumian had initially planned to choose a meeting spot in the market
district he knew well. But the risk of the Iron and Blood Cross Order
spotting him with a stranger was too high.

His second option was to pick a café or beer house near a cathedral.
However, he felt that this might come off as overly cautious. It would
seem as if he could seek refuge in the cathedral if anything went awry.
But the truth was, he didn't dare to hide there.

In the end, he settled on Rue Ancienne, the street where Salle de Bal
Unique was situated.

When the time came, if there was something amiss with Hela, he would
draw the danger to the dance hall that set his nerves on edge. He wanted
to see if he could manipulate the troublemakers into turning against
each other.

After receiving Hela's response and confirming the time and place,
Lumian returned to Rue des Blouses Blanches with the Earth Blood ore. He
knocked on Franca and Jenna's door once more.

Franca was still dressed in her usual attire, not having changed into
her nightwear. She looked at Lumian with a puzzled expression and asked,
"Why are you here again?"

Instead of answering, Lumian inquired, "Where's Jenna?"

"Why do you need to know? She received a payment from you and left to
visit her brother," Franca replied, sensing that Lumian had serious
matters to discuss.

Only then did Lumian bring up his meeting with Hela the next day.
Finally, he posed the question, "Should I mention Armored Shadow?"

"Not yet. We'll wait until we have a clearer picture," Franca said after
careful consideration. "For now, don't mention me. Act as if we've never
met."

A chuckle escaped Lumian's lips. "You're suspicious of everyone."

"It's better to be cautious," Franca sighed. "The Soul Summoning Spell
has made me excessively vigilant."

Once the details were confirmed, Lumian glanced at Franca. "Are you
heading out?"

"Yes, I'm going to Rue des Fontaines to find Gardner," Franca replied
openly, a mischievous grin on her face. "I'm going to introduce him to
some real pleasure."

Lumian was momentarily speechless.

Franca let out a soft laugh.

"I don't have much of a choice. Since neither you nor Jenna are helping
me, I need to find someone else to share in the pleasure."

Without waiting for Lumian's response, she added with a smile, "I'll
also tell Gardner that I took part in your operation against your enemy
at Jenna's request, and that I received a substantial share of the
spoils."

Lumian was surprised. "I thought you'd keep it a secret from him."

Franca chuckled and explained, "That guy is actually a very suspicious
person. In most cases, telling him the truth works better than keeping
things from him."

As Lumian nodded in agreement, Franca recalled something.

"The ritualistic incantations have been divined. The dispelling
incantation is 'His Grace,' and the usage incantations are 'Cow,'
'Sheep,' and 'Dog.' It depends on the type of hide used. Everything's in
Hermes."

With that, the Demoness waved her hand and left with a joyful demeanor.

*The dispelling incantation is 'His Grace'... The padre sure has a taste
for power...* Lumian entered Apartment 601, grabbed the five
ritualistic hides, and made his way to his safe house.

Of course, he didn't forget to lock the door for Franca.

___

The following morning, on Rue Ancienne, Quartier de l'Observatoire.

Lumian walked among the vintage buildings, realizing that Salle de Bal
Unique and the Alone Bar remained closed at this hour.

*Ding ding ding.* A postman pedaled by in a blue floral coat.

Lumian diverted his gaze from the firmly shut door of Salle de Bal
Unique and continued his stroll, heading towards the café named Little
Cow.