---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1816
index: 345
section: vol3
slug: 345
title: Dream
---

## Chapter 345: Dream

*I need exceptional endurance to withstand the weakening of self-control
brought about by carrying the Flog. The waves of various desires and
emotions surge stronger... Alms Monk excels in handling such
situations...* While reading Madam Magician's letter, Lumian
swiftly considered if he could fulfill the conditions for using the
mystical item.

Naturally, he didn't have to keep the Flog boxing gloves with him to
employ them. Lumian could position them in advance and entice the enemy
into an ambush before revealing them. Alternatively, he could accumulate
enough resources to purchase a steam robot and have emotionless tools
carry the gloves for him. Nevertheless, thanks to Alms Monk's abilities
in managing adverse effects, he didn't need to resort to such
complicated strategies.

With this in mind, Lumian recollected the adverse effects of Contractee
contracts.

A substantial portion of them seemed to be mitigated by Alms Monk's
resilience and self-restraint.

*First acquiring the Alms Monk boon prior to becoming a Contractee.
Could it be that one must bolster their endurance to endure a contract?
Otherwise, the padre with over ten negative effects would have
self-destructed long ago...*

*Yes, Guillaume Bénet's utilization of Alms Monk and Ascetic powers
wasn't overly adept. Could this stem from his ingrained indulgence,
making change difficult? Or did he leap directly into being a Contractee
before evolving into a Fate Appropriator? His grasp of the Alms Monk and
Ascetic boons seemed inadequate, relying largely on instinct.*
Lumian murmured to himself.

Recalling how the padre in the dream transformed from an ordinary
individual to a Fate Appropriator within a day, Lumian was more inclined
to believe the latter possibility. He surmised that the events in the
dream marked Guillaume Bénet's advancement to a Fate Appropriator with
only two to three boons.

Lumian redirected his attention to the letter in his hand and read
through the remainder in one go.

Concerning the utilization of the Flog boxing gloves to attract perilous
creatures, he intended to seize an opportunity and approach Franca for
assistance to verify the precise circumstances.

If indeed hazardous, he would need to contemplate reserving one usage of
Spirit World Traversal to escape any future influence or attack.

Crimson flames silently surged, setting the letter ablaze, its words
turning to ash.

Amidst the dispersed ashes, Lumian reached out his hand toward the
iron-black boxing gloves.

Although they lacked the metallic texture and chilliness, they were
exceptionally rigid.

Almost in unison, two voices resonated in Lumian's mind:

One was the voice of the eloping couple, casting curses; the other was
the voice of inebriated individuals shattering bottles and clamoring in
the street.

The former set Lumian's imagination ablaze, while the latter spurred him
to draw his revolver and open fire.

The sensations weren't overpowering and could be endured and repressed.

After confirming the fit of the boxing gloves, Lumian set them beside
the pillow.

___

In the depths of night, in a hazy state, Lumian felt as though he had
stepped into an ancient beige castle. Its exterior bore numerous dark
and crimson stains, as if drenched in a copious amount of blood.

Hysterical laughter and shouts reverberated from within the castle.
Lumian instinctively raised his gaze and spotted a deep-red visage
peering at him through a narrow window on the third floor.

Their eyes met, and suddenly, the man raised his right hand and cruelly
gouged out his reddish-brown eyes.

Fine blood vessels detached from their sockets, leaving behind a pair of
inky-black, blood-soaked cavities.

"Hahaha! Hahaha!" The eyeless man chortled with a maddened demeanor.

Lumian's thoughts blurred as he involuntarily stepped into the ancient
castle.

What unfurled before his eyes were gruesome scenes: The maid rent her
abdomen with a dining knife, drawing forth pallid intestines marred by
blood. The valets ascended the staircase to the second floor, only to
throw themselves back into the hall, repeating their falls in a macabre
cycle. The butler clutched a comely female head, his lower body severed.
He dragged himself with his elbows, leaving behind a broad and extended
trail of blood. The headless mistress sat in an armchair, lifted her cup
of coffee, and poured it into the gash on her neck...

The pungent stench of blood and the frenzied ambiance pierced Lumian's
mind, snapping his eyes open.

He beheld the familiar, squalid ceiling and caught the ceaseless
nocturnal clamor of Rue Anarchie.

*Had it all been a dream?* The scene from his dream lingered in
Lumian's memory, a residual unease remaining.

As a Beyonder seasoned with the world of mysticism, he didn't
underestimate such a dream.

It likely bore the marks of a revelation through Astral Projection or an
external influence.

Swiftly reviewing the day's occurrences, Lumian zeroed in on two
potential "culprits."

*Could it be the lingering effects of the King's Pie game from earlier,
or perhaps linked to the impact of the Flog boxing gloves?*

He cast a glance at the iron-black spiked boxing gloves, left untouched
beside his pillow, sensing that the game was the likely trigger.

An attempt to commune with Termiboros yielded no response.

After securing the Flog boxing gloves within a drawer in his wooden
table, Lumian drifted back into slumber.

Throughout that night, nightmares plagued him repeatedly. Each instance,
he encountered the bizarre ancient castle.

Fortunately, the dream's lucidity waned progressively, eventually
melding into a commonplace nightmare.

___

The following morning, Lumian adhered to his routine of jogging and
practicing boxing, then set out in search of a distinctive breakfast in
the bustling market district.

After spending nearly the entirety of the morning at Salle de Bal Brise,
he eventually found himself standing before Apartment 601 at 3 Rue des
Blouses Blanches.

With a flush on her face and a lively demeanor, Franca answered the
door. "You're quite the eager one."

Lumian was forthright about his intentions.

"Remember you mentioned wanting to discuss Emperor Roselle with me?"

"Well, well..." Franca's expression shifted oddly once more.

She grumbled, "I'm feeling unwell!"

"What sort of ailment?" Lumian found it hard to believe that the
Demoness of Pleasure could fall ill.

As Franca led him to the living room, she muttered, "It's empathetic
embarrassment!"

Lumian shut the door and took a seat on the sofa. After a moment's
thought, he inquired, "Is this embarrassment on behalf of Emperor
Roselle?"

"Exactly." Franca, seated cross-legged in a recliner, scratched her
flaxen hair. "I'm seriously concerned that he might be so mortified that
he'll rise from the grave to strangle anyone who's privy to the
information!"

After a rather odd comment, Franca sighed and explained, "In simpler
terms, Emperor Roselle, like us, hails from another world."

"Emperor Roselle is also one of the transmigrators you mentioned?"
Lumian blurted out in astonishment.

Franca confirmed succinctly, "Many of his inventions, beliefs, and ideas
originated in our world. What's more significant, his diary was penned
in the language of the nation your sister and I come from. That's why it
remained undeciphered for so long until our transmigration."

Lumian's mind was a whirlwind of confusion. It all seemed too
fantastical, like something out of fiction. However, Aurore's attitude
toward Emperor Roselle and his diary lent credence to Franca's words.

Seeing his silence, Franca added with understanding, "Nonetheless, he's
an extraordinary individual. Progressing from a mere Sequence 9
individual, he ascended the paths of the divine step by step,
overthrowing the Sauron Dynasty and enacting monumental changes upon
Intis and the world. His impact on the history of the past two to three
centuries and generations of humanity is profound."

*That's true. Emperor Roselle once said that a hero is a hero,
irrespective of their origins... Where Emperor Roselle came from was
immaterial...* Lumian quickly collected his thoughts and asked
with curiosity, "Did Emperor Roselle's famous quotations originate from
philosophers in your world?"

"Many of them did." Franca, in a way, supported her fellow countryman's
public image. "But some are genuinely his own. Consider this: a person
who's undergone so much, tasted both triumph and failure, must possess
unique insights across various domains. He's not lacking in memorable
sayings."

Now I understand why Aurore chuckles whenever I mention something
Emperor Roselle said... A realization dawned on Lumian. He grasped his
sister's sentiments at that moment and the jesting tone the Curly-Haired
Baboons Research Society adopted toward the Emperor.

He then inquired, "Did one of you write Emperor Roselle's Secret
Chronicles?"

"Yes, but I'm unsure who the author is," Franca honestly admitted. "The
writer possesses quite the literary talent."

"Is everything in there accurate?" Lumian contemplated seeking out an
underground bookseller to procure a copy.

Franca chuckled. "About half of it. Even among the portions based on
actual events, half of that is a sensationalized expansion of a couple
sentences from the Emperor's diary into a narrative rife with explicit
details. For instance, the Emperor once shared more than just friendship
with a Demoness..."

Franca suddenly paused.

Realization dawned upon her that she herself was now a Demoness.

*A worthwhile addition to my collection... Emperor Roselle does seem to
live up to the legendary reputation of being a flirt...*
Lumian's anticipation for the underground book grew.

He opted not to delve further into the topic of the Emperor and the
Demoness. Instead, he brought up the King's Pie game from the prior day
and the subsequent nightmarish dreams. He then sought Franca's insights
as an adept practitioner of divination.

"What revelations are hidden in that dream?"

"I can't decipher it," Franca said after a prolonged pause. "It conveys
a sense of danger and advises to stay away. Also, those nightmares
appear to be lingering effects from some form of insanity."

Lumian contemplated for a moment, deciding not to probe deeper for the
time being. He planned to consult the two Psychiatrists later in the
day.

___

At 3:20 p.m., Lumian reached Mason Café in Quartier du Jardin Botanique
and took a seat in Booth D. He requested a cup of aromatic Intis coffee
and two cream-filled cupcakes.

Once the coffee and confections were served, he patiently waited for a
minute or so before catching the sound of Susie's gentle, feminine
voice.

"Good afternoon, Mr. Lumian Lee."

Lumian responded with an easy smile.

"Good afternoon, Madam Susie. Good afternoon, Madam Justice."