---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1818
index: 347
section: vol3
slug: 347
title: Strange Theft
---

## Chapter 347: Strange Theft

Looking at the open iron cabinet, Lumian found it absurd and surreal.

The thief had entered the house without taking the most valuable Flog
boxing glove, nor did they flip through Aurore's grimoires to see if
there were any banknotes inside. They had only taken a mineral specimen
that didn't look like a gem at all.

Disregarding the traps, if the thief were truly a Marauder with Beyonder
powers, he wouldn't have given up on the boxing gloves made of unique
materials and capable of powerful abilities. If he were just an ordinary
thief, he wouldn't have just taken the Earth Blood ore. He might have
even casually thrown the seemingly worthless item to the ground.

All of this led Lumian to suspect that the thieving intruder had only
one motive: take away the Earth Blood ore!

The other party clearly knew what was special about the mineral specimen
and was attempting to exploit it!

"Termiboros, who stole the Earth Blood ore?" Lumian couldn't identify
any suspect no matter how hard he thought.

Apart from dealing with Guillaume Bénet a few days ago when he retrieved
the Earth Blood ore and handed it to Franca, he kept the mineral
specimen in the safe house. He never carried it with him to avoid being
targeted.

Of course, the thief might have divined or prophesied to narrow down the
area. He searched every room and finally found the target item.

Termiboros's magnificent voice suddenly resounded.

*"I don't know."*

*Don't know...* Lumian was alarmed.

This answer was meaningless, but coming from Termiboros meant many
things.

While Termiboros, sealed within Lumian's body, couldn't exert any direct
power, his angelic nature granted Him unique insights. As an Angel of
the Inevitability domain, He possessed an uncanny ability to detect
problems and traces that eluded many Low-Sequence Beyonders through
Low-Sequence Beyonders's eyes and fate.

But now, He claimed ignorance!

This revelation carried significant weight, suggesting that whoever had
stolen the Earth Blood ore was no ordinary individual. It hinted at the
involvement of a high-level power, possibly tied to a secret
organization or cult.

*Hiss, I have to write a letter and inform Madam Magician about this.
After all, she once predicted that the Earth Blood ore would bring me
some misfortune. However, the item is lost before the misfortune
arrived...* Lumian had initially hesitated to burden his Major
Arcana card holder with this matter, as he didn't attach much value to
the mineral specimen. Its applications were limited, and its loss seemed
inconsequential. However, with the situation taking a bizarre turn, he
couldn't simply dismiss it.

In the world of mysticism, negligence often led to painful lessons.

Truth be told, Lumian didn't harbor anger over the loss of his
possession, nor did he feel compelled to retrieve it. Though the Earth
Blood ore might lead to fortuitous encounters, it remained an abstract
concept, difficult to quantify or cherish.

Moreover, Madam Magician's warning of potential misfortune made him view
its loss as a means to mitigate risk.

Lumian meticulously inspected the safe house once more, confirming that
none of the traps had been triggered. Only the Earth Blood ore had
vanished. He settled down to compose a letter.

This time, the summoned puppet messenger displayed a less frigid
demeanor, no longer suppressing intense emotions.

In mere minutes, Madam Magician's response arrived, concise and to the
point: "There's indeed something amiss in this matter. I can't identify
the thief of the Earth Blood ore either. If you're not fearful, you can
venture to the entrance of Salle de Bal Unique and seek anyone with a
monocle in their right eye. Even if they aren't the culprits, they
should possess knowledge of the suspect. If you find it too risky,
exercise patience. Someone will inquire on your behalf."

*Salle de Bal Unique... That makes sense. The Sequence preceding a
swindler is Marauder. Could those monocle-wearing individuals hold sway
over all the thieves wielding Beyonder powers in Trier?* Lumian
pondered this in silence.

Aurore's grimoires had mentioned that Marauder occupied Sequence 9 on
one of the paths of the divine. Above Marauder was Swindler, and further
up was Cryptologist.

After careful consideration, Lumian opted to wait for someone to inquire
on his behalf. He had no immediate need for the Earth Blood ore.

The thought of Salle de Bal Unique, Monette, the monocle-wearing
Islander swindler, and the swindlers who emulated his style sent shivers
down his spine. He preferred to avoid any unnecessary contact for the
time being.

After burning the letter, Lumian shifted his attention to the iron
cabinet, the repository of Aurore's grimoires, Flog boxing gloves, and
various other items.

The once-secure safe house had become compromised, and he needed to find
a new location for these possessions.

*I'll take Flog with me. I'll carry the rest if I can, and sell what's
sellable. If not, I'll secure another safe house... For Aurore's
grimoires and the gold, I'll rent an anonymous safe deposit box at a
large bank for their safekeeping... When this property's current lease
expires, I wouldn't renew it...* Lumian had a clear strategy in
mind.

His plan encompassed the items he couldn't easily transport or wished to
part with, which primarily included the five ritualistic hides, in
addition to Aurore's grimoires and his accumulated gold. Finding a new
home for these items was a priority, along with securing another safe
house for himself.

With these considerations in mind, Lumian began drafting a letter
addressed to Hela.

In the letter, he revealed that he had acquired information about the
approximate location of the Samaritan Women's Spring through a secretive
channel. The information source had tasked him with venturing
underground to retrieve a genuine bottle of water from the spring.

However, as Lumian was writing, he felt a sense of puzzlement.

It seemed unnecessary for him to be directly involved when he could have
entrusted Hela with the task of obtaining the spring water on his
behalf.

*Madam Justice should have considered this. Why am I required to descend
into the fourth level of the catacombs personally? Is it because of the
perceived difficulty Hela might encounter in procuring the water by
herself? She needs my assistance?*

*What's so special about me? Apart from the Angel sealed within me, my
Sequence isn't high...*

*Madame Hela's Sequence is relatively high. It's relatively dangerous
for her to approach the Samaritan Women's Spring and she will be prone
to madness. Am I responsible for monitoring her condition and awaken her
if needed?*

*I previously believed that Madame Hela was at least a Sequence 4. She
claimed she could resolve the Cordu problem before the descent ritual,
but now it appears she hasn't ascended to a demigod. Otherwise, she
wouldn't be able to enter the fourth level of the catacombs, let alone
approach the Samaritan Women's Spring... Does she possess a Grade 1
Sealed Artifact or a mystical item equivalent to a Saint?*
Lumian combed through the entire situation and made some guesses and
judgments.

Continuing to write, Lumian used the information provider's request as a
pretext to express his personal desire to enter the ancient tomb.

After the summoning ritual, the skull, crafted from pure silver and
radiating a gentle glow, retrieved the letter and departed.

Before long, a messenger returned with Hela's response: "No problem.
I'll meet you at the gates of the Death Empire at 4 p.m. tomorrow."

*Phew...* Lumian exhaled a sigh of relief, his body trembling
with a mix of excitement and trepidation.

His adventurous spirit and penchant for experimentation had always
defined him. The bizarre vanishing of the couple in the catacombs had
etched a profound mark on his psyche.

___

The next morning, at 11 Rue des Fontaines.

Lumian dutifully arrived at Gardner Martin's villa and reported the
details of his meeting with Count Poufer and the other Black Cat
members.

Inside, Gardner Martin, unusually excited, sat behind his desk and spoke
with a hint of joy,

"Despite your claim of lacking artistic inclination, your background
allows you to converse with them effectively. That's precisely why I
chose you instead of Albus.

"I was concerned you might not exhibit enough generosity, but you
handled it admirably. You even sponsored them with 4,000 verl d'or on
your first visit."

Gardner Martin, the Commanding Officer of the Iron and Blood Cross
Order, implied that Lumian's status as the younger brother of
best-selling author Aurore Lee, even without artistic inclination,
provided him with a wealth of insider knowledge about the scandals,
grudges, and grievances within the literary and artistic circles.

Lumian, however, didn't waste any time and cut straight to the point.
"What I don't understand is why the King's Pie game gave me a sense of
danger. I even had a few nightmares last night."

Gardner Martin nodded thoughtfully.

"That's because Poufer is quite unique. He bears a striking resemblance
to his ancestor, Vermonda. They share a strong blood connection, which
allows them to bypass many crucial steps during a ritual."

"Has his ancestor turned into an evil spirit? How can he still accept
sacrifices after centuries?" Lumian asked, basing his question on
logical reasoning, without mentioning Mr. K's account.

Gardner Martin responded with solemnity, "That's something you should
investigate when you approach Poufer. Don't worry; as long as you don't
participate in the King's Pie game every two or three days, the only
aftereffect you'll experience is those nightmares. Keep that sense of
danger intact and resist becoming a king. It's easier for you to become
a king than anyone else, except for Poufer himself. If you're uncertain
about making the right choice, let Poufer choose first."

*The Iron and Blood Cross Order wants to uncover the whereabouts of the
mysterious Vermonda Sauron, who has been missing for centuries? Heh heh,
why didn't they warn me about the dangers of the King's Pie game
beforehand and advise me to be the last to make a choice?*
Lumian suspected that Gardner Martin hadn't mentioned it to confirm a
crucial matter.

*†*

In the afternoon, near the Trier Opera House, within a concealed quarry
cave, Franca and Jenna, wearing half-masks, once again met the Warlock
in the black robe.

He was the same client who had previously commissioned the investigation
of the disappearance of the Deep Valley Cloister's gatekeeper.

Franca scanned their surroundings, her voice intentionally hoarse as she
spoke,

"We've made some progress in our investigation regarding the
disappearance of the Deep Valley Cloister's gatekeeper. We wish to
discuss it with you privately."

The man fell silent for over ten seconds before finally nodding. "Very
well."

Their iron-masked skeletal escort led them, along with the client, into
a secluded "conversation room" within the quarry cave.

___

With an hour left until their agreed meeting time, Lumian equipped
himself with a carbide lamp and entered the market district's
corresponding entrance to Underground Trier.