---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1830
index: 359
section: vol3
slug: 359
title: Malady God
---

## Chapter 359: Malady God

Lumian glanced over and noticed Franca, clad in a blouse, patting the
glass.

He opened the window, a grin on his face, and asked, "Why didn't you use
the front door?"

"Don't you often resort to window-climbing antics?" Franca leaped into
the room with grace, followed by Jenna.

Jenna observed for a moment and pointed at Lumian's left palm.

"Are you injured?"

*Why's it bandaged?*

Lumian chuckled.

"I headed into the fourth level of the catacombs and crossed paths with
a creature that seemed like an evil spirit. I had an intense battle with
it and ended up with a few scratches."

Franca examined Lumian's left palm, perplexed. "Really? The fourth level
of the catacombs..."

"Believe it or not, that's your choice," Lumian replied with a smile.

Franca got the message and dropped the subject.

Jenna, however, muttered under her breath, "I think it's a mix of truth
and lies..."

Lumian chose to ignore Jenna's comment and asked, "Did something happen
to you guys too?"

"That's right." Franca proceeded to recount their encounter in detail
and produced a brass key. She eagerly suggested, "Should we try to
divine which door this key opens? Whoever's offering a bounty of 50,000
verl d'or must be loaded!"

Lumian scoffed.

"You've got an adventurous spirit, alright.

"Of course, a matter this dark should be left to the Purifiers for
investigation. Besides, it involves some monks from the God of Steam and
Machinery Church descending into the abyss. You don't really want to
explore the secret cave in the Deep Valley Quarry on your own, do you?"

Franca admitted sheepishly, "To be honest, I'm tempted. The idea of
extending life through machinery and giving life to machinery fascinates
me. But my rationality keeps me in check."

Jenna stayed silent, indicating that she had discussed this with Franca
on the way.

After sharing her delusions, Franca agreed to let Jenna find a way to
hand over the key to the Purifiers and report their encounter.

She then turned to Jenna. "I plan to head to Rue des Fontaines. What
about you?"

Jenna had already made plans. She said to Lumian, "Didn't you ask me to
find out where the factory owner lives? Well, I've followed him and
gathered plenty of information. Now we can locate the families awaiting
compensation and guide them into demanding what's rightfully theirs."

Lumian replied with a smile, "I didn't ask you to do it; you wanted to."

Franca acknowledged his response curtly before proceeding with her plan
to visit Rue des Fontaines.

___

In Quartier du Jardin Botanique, at the intersection of Rue Pasteur and
Rue Evelyn.

The buildings bore a mishmash of components that seemed like they didn't
belong, like building blocks assembled by a careless child. The place
exuded an unsettling vibe, akin to a wild and unstable forest.

Jenna pointed toward a woman crouched by the street, washing clothes,
and said, "That's Madame Mogana. Her husband also perished in that
accident a few years ago."

Madame Mogana wore a worn-out grayish-white patched dress, her face
marked by wrinkles that spoke of over fifty years of life.

Lumian, having digested a bit more of the potion's effects after
igniting the Bottle of Fiction, was in no rush. He replied, "You handle
it."

Jenna gazed silently at the gaunt, high-cheekboned Madame Mogana. After
a few seconds, she spoke, "Truth be told, I don't really like her."

Curiosity piqued, Lumian asked, "Why's that?"

Jenna let out a sigh and explained, "She's quite malicious. The kind of
person who wishes ill upon her neighbor when she's going through a tough
time. She does despicable things even when there's no gain for her.

"As you know, my mother was a theater actress and was somewhat literate.
She used to work as a tutor for a middle-class family. It was a
respectable job with good pay. But when Madame Mogana found out about
it, she followed my mother and discovered the family. She told the
servants who were out running errands that my mother was moonlighting as
a street girl, that she was immoral and skilled at seducing her male
employer. Before long, my mother was fired. She had to settle for jobs
as a cleaning lady, a dishwashing maid, or even working in a chemical
plant.

"Madame Mogana, illiterate as she is, had no chance of getting the job
my mother lost because of her actions, but she seemed oddly pleased."

Lumian nodded in understanding. "Jealousy is indeed one of humanity's
cardinal sins. Why didn't you take revenge on her?"

Jenna whispered with a chuckle, "That was a long time ago. Besides, in a
place like this, similar things are bound to happen sooner or later.
When my father passed away, my brother was considered a strong lad.
Otherwise, our family would have been in an even worse state. If a widow
moved in with her daughter, someone would come knocking on your door the
next day, cursing you and claiming that her husband stole a few glances
at you. The neighbor would pretend to be friendly and introduce you to
her male relatives.

"If you refused, that relative of hers would sit outside your door and
drink every day. The police didn't bother with such matters, and you
couldn't count on anyone else for help. One day, when he got really
drunk and bold, I don't need to spell out what would happen, right?

"Sometimes, the police would arrest him, but arresting one would only
bring in a second or third. They might even enrage his relatives. They'd
smash your window every night, pile feces at your door, and recruit
older kids to harass your daughter.

"But the worst part was being targeted by the mob.

"To survive in a place like this, you either needed a few adult men in
the house or you had to be tough and make it clear that you wouldn't
back down even if it cost you your life. Thankfully, when our lease
ended, my mother moved to the other end of the street, and the
environment improved significantly."

Jenna's words were spoken as if she had witnessed such hardships many
times before.

While Lumian had faced his own share of difficulties, ones worse than
Jenna's, he had never encountered anything like that. The conflicts and
confrontations among wanderers were even more overt. It was a matter of
either being beaten into submission, forcing others into submission, or
hovering on the fringes like feral dogs, scavenging what remained of
others. When he arrived in Cordu, his sister, a Beyonder, protected him,
allowing him to play pranks without worry. The other villagers were
mainly subjected to the padre's family's bullying.

He looked at Jenna, who was recounting her past, and asked thoughtfully,
"Didn't you say that everyone around here is just trying to survive?"

Jenna cursed, frustration evident in her gestures as she gestured toward
the woman washing clothes not far away with her chin. "Dammit, that
doesn't excuse their vileness. Take Madame Mogana, for instance. She
works three part-time jobs a day just to give her son a chance to escape
this place. Heh heh. You might not believe it, but despite maliciously
slandering my mother, she sometimes slips me a piece of bread when I'm
hungry and waiting for my mother to come home."

Lumian glanced at Madame Mogana.

"People like her are easily instigated."

"Exactly," Jenna affirmed with a nod and walked over.

Her demeanor shifted dramatically as Jenna shouted at the woman washing
clothes, "Madame Mogana, did you know? That damned Alphonse betrayed us!

"That piece of dogshit always tells us to wait a little longer. He
claims that since the court has already passed the verdict, Edmund Sr.
would surely compensate us. But that scheming swine plans to run away,
with no intention of giving us a single coppet!

"That swine Alphonse must have secretly pocketed his share to say such a
thing!"

Madame Mogana stood up, water droplets trickling from her rough fingers.

Her expression twisted with a mix of anger and concern as she asked, "Is
that true? I'm going to confront that swine!"

Jenna's face also contorted with resentment.

"We can't waste time on him now. Edmund Sr. is on the verge of escaping!

"Let's hurry and stop him. I know where their family lives!"

Lumian stood about five to six meters away, listening as Jenna stirred
up the locals who were waiting for compensation. He casually surveyed
the area and realized that this place was similar to Rue Anarchie.
Vendors, children, women, and a few men mingled together, crowding most
of the road. Occasionally, regular carriages passing by would alter
their route after a brief observation.

In the midst of this bustling scene, one individual stood out
noticeably.

Draped in an old linen shirt and dark pants, his face was relatively
clean, and his hair neatly combed. He contrasted sharply with the
surrounding vendors and residents.

At that moment, the man was engaged in conversation with a few women
holding long sticks of rye bread.

He presented a stack of banknotes, not too thick or thin, and counted
them meticulously, one by one.

"195, 200... Check if it's 200 verl d'or?

"If you don't trust me, you can count it yourselves."

The smallest denomination of the banknotes was 5 verl d'or.

The women had likely never held so much cash before. They trembled as
they counted and confirmed that it was indeed 200 verl d'or.

The man took the banknotes back and counted them again.

"195, 200, 205... See, as long as you sincerely utter God's name, you
get an extra banknote with each count!"

*Impressive magic tricks... A swindler?* Whenever Lumian
encountered swindlers, he couldn't help but recall Monette and the Salle
de Bal Unique. Anger and hostility welled up within him.

The women recounted the money and realized there were indeed 41
banknotes. There was an extra note---an extra 5 verl d'or!

Upon seeing this, the middle-aged man said with solemnity, "My Lord is
the ruler of all diseases. If you believe in Him, you'll never fall sick
again. Even if you do fall ill, you'll recover quickly.

"Illness is the punishment of the Malady God. If you have faith in the
Malady God and devoutly worship Him, He will spare you..."

Hearing these words, Lumian's eyes narrowed as he approached.

He drew his revolver, flipped it skillfully, and then swung it at the
middle-aged man's head.

*Bam!*

Instinctively, the middle-aged man crouched down, clutching his head. He
couldn't even scream.

Between his fingers, bright red blood began to flow.

Amidst the bewildered and fearful gazes of the surrounding crowd, Lumian
crouched down, shaking the barrel of his gun. He smiled at the
middle-aged man and remarked, "Come, let's see how the Malady God heals
you."

The middle-aged man yelled in shock, fear, and anger, "Malady God, hiss,
the Malady God will punish you!"

Lumian picked up the banknotes that had fallen and handed them back to
him.

"If you can't count an additional 100,000 verl d'or today, don't even
dream of leaving."

With that, he raised his revolver and struck the man in the side of his
face, causing blood to splatter in all directions. His face caved in,
and his teeth were sent flying.