---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1842
index: 371
section: vol3
slug: 371
title: Wax Statue
---

## Chapter 371: Wax Statue

A figure emerged slowly from the blood-stained river.

Lumian's mind seemed to freeze momentarily for some inexplicable reason
as he observed the figure crawling ashore. Instead of an immediate
attack, he watched the figure climb out of the water.

The unfamiliar man's face bore an eerie stiffness, and his clothes clung
to him from being soaked in water. The latter seemed to merge with his
flesh.

It was a wax statue, a wax statue that came to life!

Crimson blood seeped from the waxen figure, mixing with the river's flow
before smashing against the wild grass along the bank.

The wax statue's light-blue eyes shifted slightly within their white
sockets, casting a vague reflection of Lumian.

Meeting that gaze left Lumian feeling overwhelmed, unable to resist
mentally or physically. Instinctual fear surged within him, drowning out
all other emotions.

Suddenly, Lumian's survival instincts kicked in, fully erupting and
overpowering all other emotions and states.

Lumian's vision was restored.

The wax statue, with its cold, unyielding eyes, was now less than a
meter away. Its pale-white hand, dripping with blood, extended its
fingers like deadly blades, thrusting toward him.

Lumian had no time to react. He raised his right palm to shield his
face, and there was a resounding impact as the wax statue's razor-sharp
finger collided with his iron-black Flog boxing glove, adorned with
short thorns.

Where the boxing glove fell short, the wax statue's finger pierced
Lumian's palm, leaving a conspicuous wound on his face.

Had he not shaken off the initial intimidation, the blow might have
punctured his skull and reached his brain.

The familiar searing pain jolted Lumian awake. Clenching his left hand,
he conjured a blazing crimson flame and launched a powerful punch at the
wax statue's face from the side.

Simultaneously, with a smile, he tightened his right palm, using his own
flesh and blood to hinder the wax statue's right hand, preventing it
from evading his fiery strike.

*Bang!*

The Flog boxing gloves knocked the wax statue's head askew, and the
iron-black thorns on their surface etched exaggerated scratches onto its
unyielding face, the wounds shifting from deep to superficial.

Despite the vivid flow of bright red blood, there was no flesh-like
texture to the injuries, only layers of wax that seemed to melt under an
invisible fire.

In response, blood-colored capillaries extended from the wax statue's
light-blue eyes, exuding an intense, bloodthirsty desire that lent it an
eerie vitality, making it resemble the living.

Lumian had chosen the Flog boxing gloves for its potency, a mystical
weapon of utmost power, especially against the creature that Termiboros
had labeled as dangerous. He couldn't afford to be careless. However, he
never expected his enemy to be a wax statue rather than a living being.

It rendered the Flog's ability to evoke specific desires or emotions
ineffective; it could only serve as a defensive tool.

If not for the bizarre intimidation, Lumian would have discarded his
boxing gloves and opted for the Decency brooch. Now, with his adversary
before him, he had no choice but to stick with the Flog gloves, focusing
instead on Fire Infusion.

To his astonishment, his punch had ignited the wax statue's bloodlust,
suggesting that the entity retained a degree of life, along with faint
emotions and desires of its own.

"Good to see you're still kicking!" Lumian's grin widened.

He pulled back his right palm, gritting his teeth through the pain, and
his fiery fist realigned the wax statue's head.

The wax statue, its bloodthirsty desires now heightened, showed no
inclination to increase the distance between them. It resumed its
intimidating tactics, instinctively and desperately engaging in close
combat with Lumian.

This played perfectly into Lumian's strategy. His iron-black boxing
gloves, ablaze with crimson flames, consistently clashed with the wax
statue's limbs, fists, shoulders, torso, and head in rapid, precise
succession.

Each punch lacked brute force; what Lumian needed was a relentless
onslaught.

*Bam! Bam! Bam! Bang! Bang! Bang! *Lumian's fists, adorned with
the Flog gloves, trailed crimson flames, effectively suppressing the
agile and skilled wax statue to the point where it couldn't employ any
other abilities.

His feet executed a fluid dance of stepping forward and raising knees to
fend off the attacks from below.

Within a mere ten to twenty seconds, the wax statue abruptly ceased its
movements, and an ethereal explosion emanated from its form.

The capillaries within its eyes ruptured, staining the once light-blue
hue a vivid crimson. Cracks crisscrossed its head, connecting with the
injuries inflicted by the Flog gloves.

Desire Detonation!

Lumian's relentless assault had triggered the Desire Detonation effect
of the Flog boxing gloves.

In response, Lumian withdrew his fists and watched in silence as the wax
statue's blood-red eyes revealed signs of pain.

Two crimson teardrops slowly welled up at the corners of its eyes,
streaming down its waxy cheeks.

The wax statue opened its mouth as if attempting to speak, yet no sound
escaped.

*Rumble!*

A muffled explosion emanated from within its body, and the exaggerated
wounds extended across its form.

Crimson flames erupted from these regions, engulfing the wax statue
entirely.

Fire Infusion!

Amidst the fierce inferno, the wax statue rapidly softened, its body
dripping with blood-stained, viscous droplets.

*Thud!*

It collapsed to the ground.

*What kind of monster is this?* Lumian gazed at the fallen
creature for more than ten seconds, his Hunter's instincts telling him
that this prey couldn't possess Beyonder characteristics.

During this moment, he retrieved his briefcase and carefully stowed away
the Flog boxing gloves.

Without hesitation, Lumian turned and exited the forest.

Behind him, crimson flames surged, consuming his dripping blood.

Within the blazing inferno, the wax statue had melted beyond
recognition. Lumian's figure gradually faded, disappearing not far from
the scene.

Spirit world traversal!

To evade the attention of evil gods and the dangerous entities summoned
by the Flog boxing gloves, Lumian shifted his position, effectively
"teleporting" to a nearby town.

It was a location he had scouted in advance, with precise coordinates
within the spirit world.

After several dozen seconds, the forest path was suddenly replaced by a
desolate wilderness, with only a few flickering flames remaining.

The weeds gradually flourished, and the figure of a person in a white
robe materialized swiftly.

This figure donned a light-colored veil, and her abdomen was notably
swollen. An unmistakable maternal aura enveloped her form. It was Lady
Moon of the Nightstalkers.

Lady Moon directed her gaze towards the entirely melted, blood-stained
wax statue, silently observing the dance of crimson flames.

After more than ten seconds of contemplation, the woman and the desolate
wilderness vanished.

___

In a room within the main building of Red Swan Castle,Count Poufer, clad
in a red shirt and sleek black trousers, occupied a cluttered desk. His
icy stare remained fixed upon the wax statue's head placed before him.

The head bore an uncanny resemblance to a living being, with light-blue
eyes and jet-black hair.

As the silence lingered, Count Poufer couldn't conceal a hint of
restlessness. Occasionally, he tugged at his collar, shifted in his
chair, and even unbuttoned the top of his shirt, as if the air had grown
unnaturally thin, impeding his breathing.

As time ticked by, the wax statue's head suddenly emitted an ominous
cracking sound.

It shattered into numerous pieces, each one grotesquely melted.

Poufer shot to his feet in shock, his pupils dilating in disbelief.

Tiny blood vessels protruded from his eyes, ruptured, and dyed them a
vivid shade of red.

*It was killed?* Poufer murmured to himself, his astonishment
mingling with suspicion.

Ciel Dubois was even more mysterious and formidable than he had
initially thought!

Even if he wasn't, the hidden faction operating behind him was!

Count Poufer paced back and forth with a solemn expression.

___

After Lumian teleported to the town ahead, he exercised caution,
remaining concealed in the shadows while meticulously calculating the
time.

Only when he felt that a Hunter could potentially reach his location
from the forest by running did he cautiously make his way into the town.
He located the carriage driver and arranged for his return to 11 Rue des
Fontaines in Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative.

In a room adorned with bookshelves, Lumian fixed his gaze upon Gardner
Martin, who held a cigar in his hand. Lumian spoke frankly, "I was
attacked."

There was no way to hide the truth from the Boss.

"Huh?" Gardner Martin responded in his distinctive nasal tone.

Lumian proceeded to recount the events, detailing how he had chosen the
King's Pie slice after Count Poufer and subsequently felt a frenzied
spirit attempting to invade him. He described how he had utilized Fire
Infusion to dismantle and melt the wax statue, displaying the wounds on
his hands and face.

What Lumian chose not to reveal was that he had discerned why the
frenzied consciousness hadn't fully occupied his body and that he had
used the Flog boxing gloves. He attributed the former to an unknown
cause.

Gardner Martin smoked his cigar, listening quietly, unsurprised that
Lumian's mind had remained incorrupt.

Had he displayed any hint of astonishment or suspicion, Lumian would
have swiftly "invited" Mr. K to eliminate the Iron and Blood Cross
Order's stronghold.

With a cigar in hand, Gardner Martin smiled and remarked, "It appears
that the official members of our Iron and Blood Cross Order are more
favored by Poufer's ancestor's spirit than Poufer himself. However, we
also instill fear in it."

*Does this refer to Beyonders who have succumbed to the peculiar
corruption at 13 Avenue du Marché? The frenzied consciousness won't
invade the other formal members of the Iron and Blood Cross Order, even
in the absence of the Blood Emperor's aura? I wonder how true this is.
Why don't you give it a try, Boss?* Lumian suddenly felt the
urge to goad Gardner Martin into playing King's Pie with Count Poufer.

"Now, I've confirmed something," Gardner Martin's expression grew
serious. "The ancestor of the Sauron family, Vermonda Sauron, is not
truly deceased. He exists in a manner beyond our current comprehension."