---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1844
index: 373
section: vol3
slug: 373
title: Summoning the Armored Shadow Again
---

## Chapter 373: Summoning the Armored Shadow Again

After fifteen minutes, Madam Magician replied with a brief letter:

"The Iron and Blood Cross Order's investigation into the Sauron family's
decline contradicts my previous speculations. It seems that what they
claim to have may not align with their actual possessions. Perhaps they
possess only critical information that allows them to achieve their
goals under specific conditions. One of these conditions is unavoidable
for the Sauron family."

Lumian's temples throbbed at Madam Magician's response. She had conveyed
a lot, but the crucial details remained elusive. While he understood
each word individually, their combined meaning eluded him.

*What does the Iron and Blood Cross Order actually possess and what does
it claim?*

Lumian massaged his temples and continued reading.

"This situation presents both danger and opportunity for you.
Investigating the truth behind the Sauron family's downfall is a mission
I eagerly anticipate. Mr. Fool assigned this long-term mission to our
Tarot Club, much like the Two of Cups interacting with the Demoness Sect
to confirm the Primordial Demoness's condition. There's no need to rush.
Take your time. Even if it takes years to complete."

"..." Lumian was taken aback.

He had expected Franca's Major Arcana, Madam Judgment, to agree to her
contact with the Demoness Sect. But what kind of terrifying mission was
it to ascertain the Primordial Demoness's condition?

That was a true deity!

Based on Lumian's recent knowledge from various sources, not only was
direct observation of deities impossible, but attempting to understand
Their specific situation was exceedingly perilous.

As for the evil gods like the one known as Inevitability, mere awareness
of Their existence equated to corruption.

*A long-term mission... a task that could only be completed once Franca
achieved demigod status?* Lumian thoughtfully read the last
sentence of Madam Magician's reply.

"Focus on this matter. If you need help or find yourself in a bind,
contact me in advance. As for the Aurora Order, refrain from
participating in other missions. Concentrate on the Iron and Blood Cross
Order. I believe Mr. K will understand."

*Madam Magician had previously tasked me with infiltrating the Aurora
Order and slowly gaining Mr. K's trust, with the ultimate goal of
becoming an Oracle. However, it is apparent from her tone that
priorities had shifted. Now, she emphasizes giving precedence to the
Iron and Blood Cross Order...* Lumian discerned this as a
significant signal from her reply.

Crimson flames erupted as Lumian burned the letter in his hand. He slung
a satchel over his shoulder and placed the Flog boxing gloves inside.
Then, he made his way to Rue des Blouses Blanches.

He located a random café and had breakfast there.

It wasn't until nearly nine o'clock that Lumian knocked on the door of
Apartment 601.

Franca didn't express any annoyance at being awakened this time. She
didn't appear to be asleep, wearing a troubled expression instead.

Upon seeing Lumian, she tugged at her flaxen-colored hair, which was
left untied, and said, "Guess what? I've accepted a suicide mission!"

"Confirming the Primordial Demoness's condition?" Lumian chuckled.

Sensing that Franca had done so willingly, he no longer fretted about
her.

"How did you know?" Franca asked, surprised.

"Do you want to hear the truth or a lie? For the lie, I divined it. The
truth is, I just reported the recent situation to my Major Arcana card
holder, and she mentioned your choice." Lumian strolled over to the
divan and sat down casually. "Where's Jenna?"

Realization dawned on Franca as she casually said, "To Théâtre de
l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons.

"Ever since she received her father's compensation, she's been keen on
instigation. Yesterday, she poached a supporting actress whose contract
had expired and convinced her to switch to a theater in Quartier de la
Cathédrale Commémorative. While it did boost her income significantly, I
could have matched the offer if I had been informed. Théâtre de
l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons has been quite profitable lately."

Franca didn't hold a grudge against Jenna because Jenna had sought her
opinion beforehand and obtained her approval. She believed such
instigations were beneficial. Plus, having a supporting actress leave
opened up opportunities for apprentices like Jenna and the former
dancers.

After recounting the matter briefly, Franca sighed and continued, "Madam
Judgment only wants me to interact with the Demoness Sect. Under the
condition that I control my desires and mental state, I can use their
resources to enhance myself, monitor their activities, and understand
their immediate plans. Confirming the Primordial Demoness's condition
can be considered once I truly attain godhood and become a Saint. I can
deduce certain situations through the Demoness Sect's activities, their
recent plans, and the reactions during prayers to the Primordial
Demoness."

"Aren't you troubled by the mission?" Lumian raised his eyebrows.

Franca sighed.

"I am troubled by the mission, but what's troubling is that I'll remain
a Demoness at Sequence 4. I won't be able to transform back into a man."

"You can wait until Sequence 3," Lumian suggested with a relaxed
demeanor.

"That's true, although it would be even more challenging." Franca had
thought it through and then asked why Lumian had suddenly reported the
situation to Madam Magician.

Lumian briefly recounted his experience at Red Swan Castle from
yesterday and Gardner Martin's words, omitting specific details.

Franca listened intently, contemplating for a moment before saying, "Our
current missions combined involve the secrets and movements of the
relevant factions within the Hunter and Demoness pathways.

"The Tarot Club appears to attach great importance to such matters..."

Lumian chuckled.

"That's the only way we'll have a chance."

Franca acknowledged his words tersely and suddenly remembered something.

"How much gold did you command Count Poufer to give you?"

"30,000," Lumian replied honestly.

Franca's eyes lit up.

"How much gold do you have now?"

"75,000. I can add another 6,000 at any time," Lumian disclosed without
hesitation.

Franca's smile widened.

"Then I'll lend you 25,000 first, interest-free!

"Let's summon the Armored Shadow tonight and try to figure things out
before the gathering next week."

"You have 25,000 verl d'or?" Lumian was mildly surprised.

He recalled that Franca had spent all her savings to advance to the
Demoness of Pleasure.

Franca said smugly, "I received 20,000 verl d'or for assisting you in
dealing with Guillaume Bénet, and Gardner Martin has been quite generous
lately. He entrusted me with managing most of the earnings from Théâtre
de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons and the dancers. Heh heh, Madam Judgment
even provided me with 10,000 to support my activities."

Your earnings are quite impressive as well... Lumian realized that while
the profits from Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons and the dancers
might not match those of Salle de Bal Brise, they were undoubtedly
substantial. If Franca could claim a significant portion of them, she
could easily make around 20,000 per month.

He nodded and said, "Alright, we'll perform the summoning ritual at 11
tonight at the same place the other time."

Franca's joy was palpable.

"I'll arrange for someone to exchange the 25,000 gold right away."

___

Late at night, at Rist Docks, within the charred remains of a building.

Franca observed Lumian as he set up the altar and placed all the gold
upon it.

Rather than staying outside the wall of spirituality, she chose to
remain by her companion's side.

Lumian proceeded to light the candles one by one, letting the essential
oil drip. Stepping back, he intoned, "The Fool that doesn't belong to
this era;

"..."

Almost simultaneously, Franca chanted Mr. Fool's honorific name,
ensuring her safety in the presence of the ritual's power.

Soon, amid the faint fog and a sense of impending danger, Lumian recited
the final part of the incantation.

"I!

"In the name of the great Fool, I summon:

"The spirit that wanders about the unfounded, a combination of numerous
shadows, Lumian Lee's contracted creature."

Within the wavering candlelight, an ethereal door adorned with enigmatic
symbols materialized. From it emerged a shadowy figure clad in dark
armor reminiscent of fish scales.

Just as before, each scale seemed to bear a face, each belonging to a
different creature.

*Those are indeed fish scales...* Franca couldn't tear her gaze
away, her anticipation and anxiety

overriding the eerie ambiance that surrounded them and the evident
malevolence emanating from the Armored Shadow.

Lumian locked eyes with the Armored Shadow and spoke in Hermes, "I will
fulfill the contract and offer you gold valued at 100,000 verl d'or."

To be honest, Lumian harbored some doubts about the 100,000 verl d'or
worth of gold. The ever-changing exchange rates between verl d'or and
gold left him uncertain whether he should prepare the amount based on
the exchange rate at the time of signing the contract or the current
rate. As a precaution, he had only acquired an additional 1,000 verl
d'or worth of gold as a backup.

As Lumian finished his words, the gold bars, jewelry, and various items
on the altar suddenly disintegrated, transforming into golden particles
that flew toward the mysterious illusory door.

Most of these particles landed on the Armored Shadow, while a few passed
through the open illusory door and disappeared.

Gradually, almost a fifth of the Armored Shadow's pitch-black armor,
resembling fish scales, transformed into gold. It was no longer dark and
foreboding but radiated a holy and pristine aura.

Franca's eyes widened.

Legends and terms from her original world rushed into her mind as she
muttered to herself, "Could this be... the reconstruction of the golden
body?"

In her memory, the golden body referred to the golden powder or gold
foil applied to the surface of idol statues. Sometimes, it denoted the
special form of someone with godlike status or significant achievements.
The Armored Shadow now resembled a weathered statue that had been
rejuvenated with a coating of golden powder.

When all the gold on the altar had vanished, Lumian sensed that the
contract had been completely fulfilled.

Taking the opportunity, he asked on Franca's behalf in Hermes, "Where do
you come from?"

The Armored Shadow opened its mouth and spoke with a deep, dignified,
and somewhat sinister voice.

However, Lumian couldn't comprehend its words at all. He could only
watch in confusion as the Armored Shadow returned to the illusory door.

Once the summoning ritual concluded, Lumian turned to Franca and noticed
that her companion seemed lost in thought, her brows furrowed.

His heart stirred as he asked, "Did you understand the Armored Shadow's
response?"

Franca nodded slowly.

"The language he used is very similar to the language from my home
world.

"He said..."

Franca paused and muttered to herself, puzzlement evident on her
face,"The Blood Son of Heaven disrupted the netherworld, and the
Underworld Daoist sacrificed himself to enter the river."