---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1856
index: 385
section: vol3
slug: 385
title: Before and After Comparison
---

## Chapter 385: Before and After Comparison

Lumian swiftly assessed the surroundings, taking in the scattered gas
street lamps and their flickering crimson flames. In the distance,
figures moved about cautiously, but none dared to draw near. The
individuals up ahead couldn't even open their eyes due to the blinding
glare of the "sun."

In this situation, whether it was the suspected Loki or the "passerby"
who had sung that aria, there was no sign of either of them.

"Son of a sow, did they just vanish into thin air?" Lumian couldn't help
but curse under his breath, his anxiety and anger mounting.

*Had they fled without even engaging in a proper battle?*

*Did they disengage once a single strike failed?*

"Dammit, were you born in the year of the rat? Slippery as eels, and
they vanish at the drop of a hat!" Franca cursed as she approached
Lumian, using a peculiar phrase that seemed like a translation. "The
Seer and Marauder pathways are truly interchangeable. Their styles are
too damn similar, aren't they?"

This was primarily evident in their inability to strike or capture the
primary target.

The key difference was that the Seer pathway started behaving this way
from Sequence 7, while the Marauder pathway might have to wait until
they reached Sequence 4 to exhibit such traits.

Lumian's mind raced as he pondered how to track down Loki and his
marionette.

Perhaps they had already made their escape, or maybe they were lurking
somewhere in the evening streets of Rue Anarchie!

*A marionette...*

*Yes, that aria-singing marionette had taken my Spell of Harrumph
head-on without flinching. That suggests there's a high chance it's
already dead. No active, conscious Spirit Body...*

*My near-transformation into a marionette confirms this
indirectly...*

*If the marionette is dead, it probably doesn't possess the fate of a
living being. No so-called luck. Even if there is, it's locked in
darkness. That spells death...*

*If we can't locate Loki, who possesses Faceless powers, maybe we can
start with his marionette!*

With this plan in mind, Lumian concentrated, carefully observing the
destiny of the people standing more than ten to twenty meters away.

He scanned everything that had a destiny and wasn't shrouded in
darkness.

After a rapid survey, Lumian couldn't identify any potential marionette
targets.

He let out a slow, disappointed sigh.

"Let's get out of here. The firefighters are on their way. Official
Beyonders should be arriving soon," Franca warned Lumian.

Lumian withdrew his gaze and left Rue Anarchie before the crimson flames
could be extinguished.

His intention was to take a circuitous route back to Auberge du Coq
Doré. There, he would return the scammed funds he had obtained from
Salle de Bal Unique to the bankrupt merchant, Fitz, and claim his share
as agreed.

After taking a dozen steps, Lumian suddenly remembered Monsieur Ruhr,
who had succumbed to illness, and Madame Michel, who had hanged herself
while singing the Capital of Joy.

He feared that he might unwittingly bring a catastrophe involving
Beyonder powers to Auberge du Coq Doré and his entrustee, Fitz.

Aurore had portrayed despicable and deranged criminals in two of her
novels. They relished beginning their torment with those their targets
held dear, forcing them to witness the tragic deaths of their friends
one by one.

As the leader of April Fool's, Loki took pleasure in manipulating
others' minds. He had no qualms about harming his comrades, let alone
murdering innocent people he had never met. Therefore, the likelihood
was high that he would commence with Lumian's acquaintances and employ
their deaths to shatter Lumian's psyche. He would secretly revel in
watching Lumian descend into madness before seizing the opportunity to
end his life.

Though it was only a possibility, Lumian refused to take the risk. He
halted and turned towards Avenue du Marché.

"What's the matter?" Franca inquired, her expression one of confusion.

Having regained his composure, Lumian flashed a reassuring smile and
replied, "Let's grab a drink at Salle de Bal Brise."

The fate of the mobsters he frequently associated with was of lesser
concern. Mobsters knew they had to be prepared for such eventualities!

Franca was momentarily taken aback but quickly grasped Lumian's
underlying worry.

Loki had hooked a big fish but failed to capture it. It was clear he had
seen through their true appearances. He could hide in the shadows and
wait for the perfect moment. As for Lumian and herself, unless they
abandoned their current identities and used their anti-divination and
anti-tracking abilities to survive elsewhere, they would be left in a
state of constant suspicion, fearing that any rat they saw might attack
them.

Compared to Auberge du Coq Doré, the second floor of Salle de Bal Brise
offered a quieter and more defensible location.

Furthermore, in the event of a Beyonder-level confrontation, it was
better to involve mobsters rather than innocent bystanders.

"I'll change my attire as well," Franca hinted, indicating her desire to
alter her appearance and remain hidden in the shadows, making it
difficult for Loki to locate her and launch any potential attacks.

Similarly, she intended to have Jenna return home and stay with her
brother for a while to avoid becoming collateral damage.

In the face of such a bizarre and terrifying adversary, the
survivability of an Instigator remained too fragile.

Lumian gently patted the concealed Franca's Mirror Substitution hidden
beneath his clothing with his right hand, signaling the need for them to
watch each other's backs.

Franca nodded solemnly, affirming her understanding of the situation.

___

Salle de Bal Brise, the café on the second floor.

Lumian settled at the far end near the window and turned to his
bodyguard, Sarkota.

"Go to Auberge du Coq Doré and fetch a bankrupt merchant named Fitz."

With such an intermediary, Fitz would appear to have achieved his
objectives through his association with the Savoie Mob, and there was no
direct connection to Ciel Dubois. If Loki intended to select a victim,
he would likely focus on the Savoie Mob members affiliated with Lumian.

With the weighty satchel resting on his lap, Lumian patiently awaited
Fitz's arrival while contemplating the Loki-related issues at hand.

Having lost track of the April Fool's leader, Lumian was left with only
certain phenomena to guide him in this matter.

One of the details was an option Lumian had predetermined before taking
action.

*If Loki had indeed taken the bait, why did I manage to elude this April
Fool's leader's tracking abilities using anti-tracking techniques in my
previous encounter but not this time?*

Upon leaving Salle de Bal Unique, Lumian had intentionally followed the
same anti-tracking procedures as before. He reverted to his original
appearance, changed his clothing, and modified his satchel. However, as
he traversed Rue Ancienne again and reunited with Franca, he refrained
from employing any anti-tracking measures. This was done to establish a
comparative sample and identify any discrepancies.

After all, if he failed to capture the bizarre and seemingly unkillable
Loki, his efforts would be in vain.

He needed to gain something valuable from this encounter.

This was a smaller trap concealed within a larger one.

*Logically, if my anti-tracking procedures had shaken off Loki
previously, there should be no reason for an exception this time. I had
meticulously paid attention to the people and creatures around me, even
avoiding the watchful eyes of birds in the sky. Even if a mere insect
became one of Loki's marionettes, it would struggle to keep up with my
swiftness...*

*Therefore, either Franca had been targeted early in the morning, or
Loki recognized me when I passed through Rue Ancienne again after my
anti-tracking.*

*Franca carried out anti-divination procedures and was a distance away
from the Alone Bar and Salle de Bal Unique. She didn't even enter Rue
Ancienne and had used non-mystical methods to observe. It's unlikely
that she'll be exposed so quickly unless Loki was aware from the outset
that such an observer would be present...*

*The likeliest scenario was that Loki had recognized me when I passed
through Rue Ancienne again after my anti-tracking procedures. But how
had this recognition occurred? I had reverted to my original appearance,
altered my clothing, and even chosen to pass through in a rented
carriage to avoid suspicion. According to Anthony, this should have
concealed my unchanged leather shoes from prying eyes and hidden my
typical gait and body language...*

*I had even applied cologne to mask my original scent...*

*What unique characteristics do I possess that allows Loki to discern my
identity within such a brief period?*

Lumian compared the differences and gradually arrived at a hypothesis.

*Either a Marionettist or one of his marionettes possesses the ability
to directly identify a person at the level of their soul, consciousness,
or some other aspect, or Loki can perceive distinctive traits that set
me apart from others---such as Inevitability's Angel, Mr. Fool's seal,
or the Blood Emperor's aura?*

*Although Lie belongs to the Seer pathway, it does not have a readily
detectable convergence force that corresponds to Loki's
Sequence...*

The more Lumian pondered, the more convinced he became that Loki had a
means of piercing his disguise, but his tracking abilities were limited.
A vigilant target who remained wary of strangers, animals, birds, and
insects while being impossible to carry out any direct divination would
successfully evade him.

Regardless of how Loki told him apart, this was the best explanation
when carrying out the before-and-after comparison.

With this in mind, Lumian had a new idea.

Lumian's lips curled slightly as he cast his gaze toward the dark night
sky.

Fifteen minutes later, Fitz, the bankrupt merchant, was brought into the
café by Sarkota

Lumian signaled for Sarkota to step aside momentarily and addressed
Fitz, "I've already recovered the money. How much do you think you
should receive?"

As he spoke, Lumian emptied the banknotes, gold coins, and valuable
accessories onto the table, his eyes briefly scanning over them.

"About 130,000 verl d'or in total."

Fitz blurted out, "60,000, no, 50,000. No, just give me 30,000 verl
d'or."

With a smile, Lumian separated a few bundles of neatly bound banknotes
and tossed them to Fitz.

"As we agreed, the interest belongs to me, and I'll take 50% of the
principal. Here's 50,000 verl d'or."

Fitz accepted the money with gratitude, expressing his heartfelt thanks.

While he didn't receive the full amount, 50,000 verl d'or was a
substantial sum that would enable him to start anew with hope in his
heart.

50% of the principal along with interest was a fair arrangement!

Lumian was equally pleased. Through the operation facilitated by the
Angel of Time by Mr. Fool's side, he had effortlessly gained 50,000 verl
d'or in banknotes and 30,000 gold coins.

After all, he had worked so hard to gather gold, but in the end, he only
accumulated 75,000 gold.

Deep in thought, he contemplated the idea of purchasing sacrificial
offerings from the corresponding domain as a token of gratitude to Mr.
Fool and the Angel of Time.

After waiting for over half an hour, Lumian ascended to the bedroom on
the second floor. He discarded his satchel and employed Lie to alter his
appearance once more, assuming the likeness of a male Aurore with black
hair and brown eyes.

He changed into a shirt, vest, trousers, and leather boots, stowed away
Lie, and transferred the Flog boxing gloves into his briefcase. He
carefully surveyed the scene beyond the window.

Once he confirmed that no humans, rats, or birds were in the vicinity,
Lumian pushed open the window and gracefully leaped out, seemingly
unaware that Loki might possess the ability to see through his disguise.