---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1863
index: 392
section: vol3
slug: 392
title: Switching Pathways
---

## Chapter 392: Switching Pathways

The digestion of the Pyromaniac potion progressed much faster than
Lumian had expected. This quick reaction was likely due to the
activation of Blood Emperor Alista Tudor's aura without proper
protection, akin to setting a blaze in Trier. The flames burned even the
Saint Viève Cathedral and the patriarchal cathedral of the God of Steam
and Machinery Church.

Hela watched the flesh and maggots consumed by the crimson flames for a
moment before turning to Franca.

"Can we now discuss the clues about transmigration?"

Franca tersely acknowledged her words and gathered her thoughts.

"Ciel had previously attempted a unique summoning ritual, which
inadvertently brought forth a shadow suspected to be from my homeland,
the one I share with Muggle. He even formed a contract with this entity.

"After discovering this, I had Ciel summon the shadow again to
communicate with it.

"The shadow's language is remarkably similar to that of my homeland.
When asked about its origin, it said, 'The Blood Son of Heaven disrupted
the netherworld, and the Underworld Daoist sacrificed himself to enter
the river.'"

Franca translated the last sentence into Intisian.

Hela listened attentively and then turned her gaze to Lumian.

"Could this be the apparition of Blood Emperor Alista Tudor?

"Underworld Daoist was the one who dragged Him back?"

"That's our hypothesis," Lumian replied succinctly, indicating that
Franca was also aware of the Samaritan Women's Spring. There was no need
for excessive secrecy.

"Underworld Daoist..." Hela murmured the term softly.

Franca continued to recount her and Lumian's theories, suspecting that
the illusionary river behind the spring might connect to the original
world of her and the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society members.

Hela remained silent, her dark eyes gleaming with a subtle brilliance,
as though concealing a galaxy.

"That covers most of it. Once we've dealt with the traitors in the
Research Society, I'll share this information with everyone," Franca
said after a brief pause. She also reminded Hela, "Apart from April
Fool's, Loki's allies might be lurking in other teams. They tend to
participate in activities without playing pranks and only reveal
themselves during crucial moments."

Hela nodded slightly and replied, "I'll discuss how to handle this with
Gandalf and the others."

The woman then turned her gaze to Lumian.

"If there's nothing else, I'll take you back to the surface."

Lumian withdrew his gaze from the flames and let out a deep breath.

"I'll take care of this."

He crouched down and placed his hands in front of Loki's lifeless body.

Rumble. Accompanied by a muted explosion and a slight tremor in the
ground, the earth, carrying flesh, blood, and maggots, suddenly sank
into the mire and rocks.

Franca nodded in realization.

This way, any remaining corruption on Loki's corpse wouldn't be exposed
to cave adventurers who might pass by later.

She assisted in carrying the corpses of the two marionettes over,
contemplating whether to collect the Wraith's teeth and nails.

These were excellent spiritual ingredients that could be used to forge
Beyonder weapons.

If the Wraith had lost control and transformed into a monster, Franca
wouldn't feel any psychological burden dealing with his corpse. However,
he still retained his human form.

Considering that she didn't lack offensive weapons or poison for coating
them, Franca simply harvested the powder from the translucent Wraith and
absorbed its residual spirituality.

After removing the clothes bestowed by the evil god and checking for any
clues, Franca tossed the two corpses into the blazing pit.

Once she had completed this task, she turned to Hela and asked with
curiosity,

"Madame Hela, have you advanced to Sequence 4 and become a demigod?"

Otherwise, how could she have subdued Loki so effortlessly?

"Yes," Hela confirmed with a nod.

Franca pondered for a moment and probed further, "You used to follow the
Corpse Collector pathway, but this time, you displayed the power of the
Evernight pathway. Did you use a mystical item?"

Was it similar to using a Sealed Artifact to enable everyone to enter
the Nation of the Evernight in Concealment and participate in the
gathering?

The Corpse Collector pathway was also known as the Death pathway.

Hela's voice was icy as she replied, "I've switched to Sequence 4
Nightwatcher of the Evernight pathway."

"Why?" Franca was intrigued by Hela's choice.

While she had once contemplated switching to the neighboring Hunter
pathway when advancing to Sequence 4, it was mainly to restore her body
to its male form. Under usual circumstances, sticking to a single
pathway until the end was generally the better choice. After all, the
acting acquired in the earlier Sequences were deeply ingrained in that
pathway, making it easier and safer to become a Sequence 4 Beyonder of
the same pathway.

Of course, if one couldn't find the Sequence 4 potion formula and main
ingredient for their pathway, they might consider switching to a
neighboring pathway. It wouldn't necessarily lead to half-madness, and
they could gain a mix of unique abilities.

Franca had never seen any indication from Hela of wanting to switch
pathways. When they discussed and exchanged information at the Research
Society, Hela primarily focused on topics related to the Corpse
Collector domain. Most of the materials and items gathered and sold were
concentrated in this pathway.

*Could it be that the Sequence 4 potion formula, main ingredients, or
corresponding rituals of the Corpse Collector pathway proved
impractical?* Franca speculated, drawing on her extensive
knowledge of mysticism.

Hela's pale face softened.

She gazed into the darkness beyond the abandoned mine, her voice taking
on a contemplative tone.

"If I continued along the Death pathway, the deity I believe in would
eventually transform me into a crucial vessel for specific moments."

At this point, Hela wore a rare smile and spoke with a distant look in
her eyes.

"It's already a challenge for Her to maintain Her humanity. So, I
shouldn't burden Her any further."

Franca was initially perplexed but began to grasp Madame Hela's
reasoning for switching pathways.

Hela gave her a brief look and added, "If I can advance to Sequence 3, I
should either revert to the Death pathway or switch to the Warrior
pathway.

"The upper ranks of the Evernight pathway are facing a severe resource
shortage."

"Wow," Franca couldn't help but envision Hela wielding various Sequence
abilities from the Evernight, Corpse Collector, and Warrior pathways.
She found it both impressive and formidable.

She, too, felt a sense of excitement about the possibility of acquiring
the abilities of a Demoness and a Hunter in the future.

Meanwhile, Lumian incinerated Loki's mutated remains and filled the pit.

Hela promptly obscured the area in darkness.

___

When Lumian and Franca regained consciousness, they found themselves
outside the abandoned mine near the entrance to Underground Trier on Rue
Anarchie.

In the distance, they could hear faint movements coming from Rue des
Blouses Blanches.

"Phew, this is the most dangerous situation I've encountered since
becoming a Beyonder," Franca said, exhaling deeply and speaking with
emotion. "If Loki hadn't used me as bait to lure you here, there's a
high chance I would have become a marionette."

Lumian tersely acknowledged her words and remained silent.

He took a step forward and began to walk down the street.

Franca followed him and asked curiously, "Did Loki say anything when he
tried to disrupt your mind with his trash talk? Although many of his
words may be lies, they might contain valuable information."

For example, the suspicion that every member of the Curly-Haired Baboons
Research Society possessed the lingering aura of the Celestial Worthy.

Lumian remained silent for a few moments before responding.

"He recounted how they harmed Aurore, how they repeatedly disclosed her
mental state and psychiatric treatment process, and how they shamelessly
mocked her..."

His explanation was concise, but the simplicity of his words couldn't
mask the anger that rose in him again.

"Huh?" Franca was initially surprised but quickly grasped the gravity of
the situation. "That Psychiatrist, I Know Someone?"

Lumian nodded slowly.

Franca contemplated the situation carefully, her anger growing with each
passing thought.

"Dammit! How can they be so evil? I fully support you in tearing them
apart, dismembering them, skinning them, and stuffing them with grass!"
After several seconds of contemplation, she unleashed a curse.

Lumian remained silent, seemingly weighing the feasibility of such
actions.

Franca glanced at him and hesitantly suggested, "When you faced the
other April Fools' team members earlier, you held back and didn't kill
them directly..."

Lumian chuckled.

"Why should I kill those idiots? It's more agonizing, humiliating, and
regretful for these individuals who believe they're clever when they
realize how Loki and the others manipulated them. It brings me greater
satisfaction than killing them.

"In the future, whenever anyone mentions Loki, it will be akin to
insulting their intelligence to their faces, and they won't be able to
escape it."

Franca breathed a sigh of relief.

She said to Lumian, "Rue des Blouses Blanches seems quite lively. I plan
to stay at Jenna's tonight. Heh heh.

"Yes, I'll be informing my Major Arcana card holder briefly about this
matter. I'll convey that if Loki isn't completely eliminated within two
months, I would like to request a transfer out of the market district.
You, too, can apply to take charge of the Iron and Blood Cross Order's
branch elsewhere."

"I'll also write to my Major Arcana card holder," Lumian assured her,
indicating that he wouldn't underestimate the potential harm Loki could
cause.

Lumian had always maintained a clear distinction between personal
matters and official matters. Whether dealing with the padre or
investigating Loki, he had never considered seeking Madam Magician's
assistance. However, this time, his use of the Blood Emperor's aura had
caused quite a commotion, and it would be necessary to report it later.

Seeing that Lumian remained rational, Franca felt at ease. She waved
farewell and stealthily made her way toward Quartier du Jardin
Botanique.

Lumian averted his gaze and entered Auberge du Coq Doré, walking along
the still-warm street.

He had no desire to encounter the official Beyonders who might be
searching for clues on Rue des Blouses Blanches at this late hour.

As he pushed open the door to Room 207, Lumian spotted a figure inside.

It was Madam Magician, dressed in an orange waist-length dress and
holding a wide-brimmed hat adorned with flowers.

"Were you waiting for me?" Lumian inquired almost instinctively.

Magician smiled.

"What else would I be doing?"

"How did you know I would come back here?" Lumian closed the door.

Magician smiled and said, "This is a revelation of fate.

"Now, tell me, why did you unleash the Blood Emperor's aura?"