---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1867
index: 396
section: vol3
slug: 396
title: Pure Evil
---

## Chapter 396: Pure Evil

Lumian expressed his gratitude and took the stack of papers. He lit the
carbide lamp and quickly skimmed through the "confessions."

Hela had already thoroughly read through them and had made notes on the
essential information. This saved Lumian a lot of time. Besides, he
didn't know much about the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society's
history. If he were the one making the choice, he might struggle to
grasp the key points accurately.

After nearly an hour of reading, Lumian had a rough understanding of the
overall situation.

"There aren't many April Fool's members, and they don't meet often or
play pranks frequently. They mainly operate in three areas: Trier, the
coastal province of Gaia in the Feynapotter Kingdom, and the West Balam
region of the Southern Continent.

"The key members involved in the gatherings in Trier are Loki, I Know
Someone, and Mad Lady.

"In the Gaia Province, during the sea prayer rituals at Port Santa, the
April Fool's team members who pulled pranks were Bard, Ultraman, and Mad
Lady. Bard and Ultraman incited local college students to march in
Torres, the capital of Gaia Province...

"In the pranks that took place in the Southern Continent's West Balam,
the key members involved were Hisoka and Mad Lady.

"At a private gathering in Trier, Loki jokingly mentioned that he had
inherited an ancient castle.

"At another Trier gathering, I Know Someone suddenly felt inspired and
wanted to hypnotize certain psychiatrists to make them 'conceive' a
solution to treat certain mental illnesses by destroying the frontal
lobe..."

*Madam Susie's accusation of malicious treatment that would forever
"calm" patients turns out to be a prank by I Know Someone... That's
true. Only someone from another world could skip previous speculations
and come up with such an idea...*

*His sole purpose was to see if the psychiatrists of this world were as
foolish, bigoted, and despicable as to create an absurd tragedy that
would leave a mark on medical history... The dozens or hundreds of
patients who had completely lost their "souls" would never expect their
tragic encounter to stem from an inhumane prank...*

*Loki and I Know Someone are worse than I imagined...* Lumian
couldn't help but shake his head as he read the last page of the
"confessions."

He believed that he had already witnessed the worst side of humanity
during his tramp days. People had committed heinous acts for food, to
escape trouble, to vent their emotions---they had murdered other tramps,
sold companions to the mines while they were asleep, abducted children
from the streets, bullied the weak, and humiliated them in various ways.
Some had formed gangs and chased away other tramps every day, turning a
blind eye to their suffering.

But now, Lumian realized that these evils were clearly inferior to those
of Loki, I Know Someone, and the other key members of April Fool's. They
were on a whole other level.

"Even demons from the Abyss would have to address them as godfathers
when they see them. Compared to them, the padre can be considered a
saint," Lumian muttered, setting fire to these people repeatedly in his
mind.

He exhaled and extracted useful information from these "confessions" and
Madame Hela's markings.

*At least eight members of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society are
suspected to have perished as a direct or indirect result of pranks by
the April Fool's team...*

*I Know Someone, like Loki, participates in every private gathering in
Trier, but he has never been to Feynapotter's Gaia Province or West
Balam. This suggests he likely resides in Trier as well...*

*Similarly, Bard and Ultraman are suspected to be in Feynapotter's Gaia
Province. Hisoka is located in the Southern Continent's West
Balam...*

*Mad Lady participates in private gatherings everywhere, and these
gatherings occur within a month after an agreement is made. This implies
that Mad Lady has a teleportation-like ability or item...*

*The joke about Loki inheriting the ancient castle aligns with his
dream. Perhaps I can start with investigating the appearance of the
ancient castle to find Loki's whereabouts...*

*I Know Someone displayed extensive medical knowledge at gatherings, not
limited to the psychological domain... He was either a formidable
general practitioner before transmigrating or possessed the body of a
senior doctor. Could such a person be usually a doctor in disguise? He
has the qualifications and ability to impersonate and earn a large sum
of money...*

*Bard loves to collect Emperor Roselle's diary pages and mock him in
various ways. Could he have written Emperor Roselle's Secret
Chronicles?*

*Ultraman and Hisoka keep a relatively low profile during the
gatherings, leaving no details worth pondering...*

Based on this information, Lumian finalized his next course of
investigation.

Firstly, he wanted to find the ancient castle from Loki's dream.
Secondly, he aimed to delve into the medical profession, seeking clues
about I Know Someone. Thirdly, he planned to wait for the next gathering
to confirm whether the author of Emperor Roselle's Secret Chronicles was
among the current Research Society members before pursuing the original
author.

As for the others, he would consider them after dealing with these
matters and gaining something more valuable.

Lumian summoned the Rabbit of Knowledge and had it copy the information
before sending it to Madam Magician.

___

"What's this?" Jenna looked at the pure silver skull emerging from the
darkness, a little afraid to meet the pale-white flames in its eye
sockets.

Franca smiled awkwardly and said, "This is the messenger of that
formidable lady. She helped us organize the accomplices' statements."

Franca snatched the thick piece of paper from the skull's mouth, not
wanting Jenna to see the firsthand information.

Revealing it would expose the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society!

Jenna looked at the pure silver skull disappearing into the darkness and
asked in confusion and curiosity, "What's a messenger?"

"It's like a postman in the world of mysticism. It's a postman for
private use," Franca explained simply.

Jenna shifted her gaze to Franca.

"Do you have one?"

Franca fell silent.

"This can only be obtained by a specific pathway at a specific Sequence
or with their help."

"Oh, you don't..." Jenna deciphered Franca's words.

Intrigued, she asked, "At which Sequence in the Demoness pathway does
one need to reach before they can have a messenger?"

Franca fell silent again.

"Not even at Sequence 4 that I know of."

With that, she muttered under her breath, "You can switch to the Hunter
pathway with your provocative abilities."

Jenna chuckled and thought for a moment.

"The last time I helped Ciel read about spirit world creatures, I seemed
to have noticed a description of a few spirit world creatures that said
they were 'suitable as messengers.' Can we summon them and sign a
messenger contract?"

"No, uh, it's not impossible." Franca suddenly realized that she could
use Mr. Fool's power to summon creatures from the spirit world and ask
Him to be a witness to the contract, just like Ciel's contract ability.

Seeing Franca deep in thought, Jenna waited silently.

After a moment, Franca nodded slowly.

"I've come up with an idea. We'll try it later."

She then said to Jenna, "I'll sort out these statements. Don't stay up
too late. You still have to go to Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons
tomorrow morning."

Jenna didn't inquire further and left Franca's bedroom.

Franca let out a sigh of relief and took a telegram that had just been
received.

It also came from 007.

"Hidden Blade, when are you moving out of the market district?

"Ever since you arrived here, all kinds of troubles have been happening
one after another. I'm about to become a real 007. I suspect you're the
walking source of disaster!"

"Pfft!" Franca spat and muttered to herself, "Is the problem me? It's
Ciel!"

Ever since Lumian arrived in the market district, her life hadn't been
as leisurely as before.

The incident with Loki had just subsided, and the small cracks on her
skin had yet to fully heal. She had to go to Trocadéro tomorrow
afternoon to interact with the participants of the Red House Café's
female orgy and the woman suspected to be a member of the Demoness Sect.

___

Around 9 a.m., Lumian, having completed his morning exercise and
breakfast, found himself with a rare moment of leisure.

On the Iron and Blood Cross Order's side, he awaited Poufer Sauron's
next summoning. Concerning the Sinners organization, he patiently
gathered information without alerting the occasional mysterious visitor.
Anthony Reid would handle matters related to Hugues Artois, but his
assistance wasn't needed yet. It proved challenging to discreetly tail
Franca during the Bliss Society investigations as she needed to make
contact with the Demoness Sect. Lumian had leads on Loki's ancient
castle and I Know Someone, but lacked a clear breakthrough.

After careful consideration, Lumian decided that acting as a Pyromaniac
was the best course of action. However, the market district was in a
delicate state, closely monitored by numerous high-ranking individuals.
Finding a safe opportunity was crucial.

*Should I take the opportunity to report to Mr. K and inquire if he has
a suitable mission for me to act as a Pyromaniac...* Lost in
thought, he walked past the Salle de Gristmill on Rue Anarchie's other
side.

The establishment was under Lumian's ownership, currently overseen by
the bounty hunter Lugano Toscano and Louis of the Savoie Mob.

After a brief moment of reflection, Lumian decided to enter the Salle de
Gristmill.

The dance hall was closed at that time, and every waiter greeted Lumian
respectfully but kept their distance.

Lumian quickly spotted Lugano Toscano, the well-built bounty hunter with
sharp features, thick eyebrows, and large eyes. He was dressed in a
simple formal suit and a black top hat.

Holding a magazine, he smiled at Lumian. "Boss, what brings you here?"

Lumian didn't respond immediately. His attention was drawn to the
magazine in Lugano's hand. "What magazine are you reading?"

"Basics of Medicine," Lugano replied, displaying the book.

*Basics of Medicine...* Lumian's eyebrows twitched. "Why are you
reading such books?"

He could understand if it was the First Aid Manual.

Lugano smiled and explained, "My next Sequence is Doctor. Although the
potion will directly grant me corresponding Beyonder powers, having more
medical knowledge will enhance my abilities. Plus, I aim to pose as a
genuine doctor to earn some extra income."

*Stumbling on the acting method coincidentally... Doctor...*
Lumian's heart stirred as he asked, "Have you ever heard of frontal lobe
removal surgery?"