---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1869
index: 398
section: vol3
slug: 398
title: Human Blood Bread
---

## Chapter 398: Human Blood Bread

Some of the citizens of Trier were curious and began asking around for
the reason behind the commotion, while others watched with excitement.
Lumian couldn't discern who was genuinely enjoying the prank's results
and who was simply caught up in the fun.

This was a part of Trier's folklore. Lumian believed that even a
formidable, higher-Sequence psychiatrist like Madam Susie wouldn't be
able to pinpoint the source of the commotion, identify the prankster, or
distinguish the intentional misguidance from the innocent bystanders.

Although Lumian had anticipated this, he couldn't help but let out a
sigh.

"You Trierians..."

No wonder the April Fool's team held their private gatherings here. It
was like a homecoming.

Lumian abandoned his observations and casually singled out a middle-aged
man who was using rye bread to soak up the blood left behind by the
death row inmates. He waited until the man made a dash for an exit of
the Rois Comprehensive Execution Ground before quietly following behind.

In a secluded alley devoid of barricades, Lumian took a few steps
forward, blocking the path of the middle-aged man in a tattered linen
shirt.

Raising his bandaged left palm, Lumian inquired, as if he were a mobster
giving a condescending glance to an ordinary citizen.

"What have you got there?"

The gaunt middle-aged man with short black hair replied timidly, "It's
bread stained with the blood of death row inmates."

"And what's the purpose of this?" Lumian adopted the tone of a curious
monster with a touch of intrigue.

The middle-aged man's fear was palpable.

"I-It can treat illnesses."

"Who told you it could treat illnesses?" This was Lumian's main
question.

The middle-aged man answered in a daze, "I heard it from Guillaume, who
lives across the street. He said that his coworker's child got better
after eating this kind of human blood bread."

*The child of a coworker's neighbor...* Lumian regarded it as
nothing more than a rumor. Tracing its origin would be challenging.

He studied the middle-aged man clutching the blood-stained bread and
asked with contemplation, "Is someone in your family sick too?"

"Yes." The middle-aged man instantly looked downtrodden and filled with
despair.

He glanced at the blood-stained bread in his hand, a glimmer of hope in
his eyes.

Lumian remained silent for a moment before responding, "What did the
doctor say?"

The middle-aged man lowered his head slightly, his gaze fixed on the
blood bread.

"He said there's no cure, and I don't have the money to..."

Lumian didn't press further. He turned silently, allowing the
middle-aged man to pass through the barricade with his blood-soaked
bread and continue down the secluded alley.

He moved slowly, retracing his steps back to the Rois Comprehensive
Execution Ground, and noticed that the "market" was still in full swing.
Many citizens had taken advantage of the situation to have picnics,
sing, and dance, turning it into an impromptu gathering.

Lumian took cover behind the trees on the edge of the square, sitting in
the shadows, and continued to silently observe the people coming and
going.

As time passed, the bustling "market" in the execution ground gradually
quieted down. The sun had dipped below the horizon, casting the
surroundings into darkness.

Lumian remained hidden, keeping an eye on the departing citizens and
vendors. However, he didn't identify any suspicious individuals.

With the arrival of the dark night, the Rois Comprehensive Execution
Ground was deserted, bathed in the eerie light of the crimson moon.
Lumian slowly rose to his feet, preparing to depart.

Suddenly, he caught sight of a dark figure leaping over the side fence
and swiftly infiltrating the execution ground.

Lumian froze and pressed further into the shadows of the tree.

The slender figure, adorned with a top hat, made his way to the area
where the death row inmates had met their end. He knelt down, reached
out, and collected the soil stained with their blood.

*Could this person also believe in the healing properties of death row
inmates' blood? His actions and agility suggest he might be a
Beyonder...* Lumian silently watched the mysterious figure.

Before long, the tall, thin figure in the top hat straightened up,
holding a mound of blood-soaked soil.

Rather than immediately leaving the Rois execution grounds, he ventured
deeper, heading towards the gallows.

Under the crimson moonlight, the figure buried the blood-stained soil
beneath the gallows. He seemed to scrutinize the plants growing there,
as if searching for something.

___

In Trocadéro Town, inside the Red House Café with its vibrant
mushroom-like roof,

Franca, sporting black hair, brown eyes, and hunting attire, placed her
dinner order: beef seasoned with coarse salt, red wine, fries, Feysac
omelet, quail bisque with a few slices of ham.

Earlier that afternoon, she had engaged in a lively conversation with a
group of ladies and could sense the longing and desire in their eyes.

Simultaneously, she felt someone secretly observing her, prompting her
to stay until nightfall.

As Franca neared the end of her dinner, a woman descended from the
second floor.

It was the Demoness who had tailed Franca previously. Today, her long
orange-red hair cascaded down her back, and she wore a white man's
shirt, brown dungarees, and dark brown boots that accentuated her
perfect figure. Her appearance was exquisite and clean, with an aura
that was both pure and slightly wild.

Without hesitation, the woman, presumably a member of the Demoness Sect,
walked straight toward Franca, pulled out a chair, and sat opposite her.

Franca deliberately assessed the Demoness's appearance and figure with a
masculine gaze. She smiled and watched as the woman sat down, waiting
for her to speak.

"Why are you here again?" the orange-red-haired Demoness inquired,
studying Franca closely.

Franca smiled and replied, "Trocadéro Wine is my favorite wine. The
scenery and atmosphere here are quite appealing."

Noticing the Demoness's disbelief, Franca added with a sly smile,
"Besides, I've heard..."

She lowered her voice and insinuated, "There are female orgies here."

The eyes of the Demoness with long orange-red hair flickered.

"Who told you that?"

Franca looked at the Demoness's face and said provocatively, "Once, I
encountered a nymphomaniac who tried to ambush me, but I handled him. He
claimed to be a peripheral member of an organization called the Bliss
Society. The key members of this organization are lesbians, and they are
trying to connect with participants in the female orgies at the Red
House Café, looking to recruit new members."

Franca wasn't sure if the Demoness Sect had any ties to the Bliss
Society. After all, it wasn't inconceivable for organizations worshiping
evil gods to form alliances to some extent, similar to how Hugues Artois
had numerous heretics under his influence. Therefore, she "confessed"
this information to gauge the reaction of the person sitting across from
her.

As she spoke, she prepared herself for any potential surprise attacks.

The Demoness with long orange-red hair's expression shifted slightly,
becoming more serious.

The hostility and wariness in her eyes diminished, but there was a clear
sense of repulsion.

Oh, does she view the participants of these female gatherings as her
lovers and is unwilling to let me, possibly once a man, near them?
Franca couldn't help but mimic Lumian's tone inwardly and playfully
tease.

She was reasonably certain that the other party had never heard of the
Bliss Society, but she had detected some signs.

The Demoness sitting across from Franca fell into deep thought,
appearing to consider a potential issue.

After more than ten seconds, she unconsciously brushed back her long
orange-red hair and asked cautiously, "Are you here to investigate the
Bliss Society, or are you interested in joining the orgy?"

Franca's laugh drew astonished looks from the surrounding customers, who
were clearly taken aback by her stunning expression.

"Both," Franca replied, meeting the orange-red eyes of the Demoness.
"But if I had to choose, I'd prefer attending the orgy. How can people
like us resist such a tempting party? Wouldn't you agree?"

In this way, Franca subtly indicated that she had deduced that the other
person was also a Demoness and likely a former male Assassin.

She also hinted at her own history as a man to deter any sudden attacks.

The Demoness, now dressed as a man, seemed to resist this notion but
remained silent, clearly captivated by Franca's presence and aura.

Leaning forward, Franca asked in a more masculine tone, "What should I
call you?"

The Demoness hesitated briefly before responding somberly, "I'm Browns
Sauron. And you?"

*Sauron... Another member of the Sauron family?* Franca suddenly
recalled that Lumian's recent mission under the Iron and Blood Cross
Order involved interactions with members of the Sauron family.

She didn't conceal her true name and smiled. "Franca Roland."

Browns Sauron let out a silent sigh and continued, "Our party places
great importance on the privacy and safety of all members. We can't
allow problematic individuals to join. If you're truly interested,
you'll need to undergo an audit."

Franca didn't mind at all. She toyed with the buttons on her shirt and
inquired with a grin,

"So, where should we start this audit?"

___

Prison district, Rois Comprehensive Execution Ground.

Under the crimson moonlight, the tall, slender figure in the top hat
carefully unearthed a few handfuls of weeds from the ground beneath the
gallows.

The roots of these weeds emitted an eerie, blood-red glow, appearing
especially otherworldly in the moon's dim light.

This tall, thin figure had a prominent nose bridge, fair skin, and
impeccably groomed medium-length black hair. His eyes were a striking
shade of red, and he possessed a certain androgynous allure.

Clad in a white shirt, a vibrant red bow tie, and a sleek black suit, he
gazed with fascination at the peculiar weeds in his hand. He was on the
verge of rising to leave the execution grounds.

However, at that very moment, a curious male voice broke the silence.

"What are you digging?"

The lanky figure, who had been crouched beneath the gallows, looked up
in astonishment. To his surprise, he realized that, at some unnoticeable
point in time, a figure had materialized before him, peering down with a
penetrating gaze.

This new arrival had blond hair and eyes as blue as serene lakes. He
wore a simple white shirt and a black vest, giving him a youthful and
refreshing appearance.

*How did he manage to approach me without detection? I didn't pick up on
any scent or movement!* The lanky figure's heart raced with
alarm and trepidation.