---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1871
index: 400
section: vol3
slug: 400
title: Transferring Burdens
---

## Chapter 400: Transferring Burdens

The street lamps outside the window had already lit up. Franca gazed at
Browns Sauron and spoke, "I've already mentioned my name. I reside in
the market district and hold a significant position within the Savoie
Mob. That's all I can reveal. You're free to investigate me as you wish.
In any case, I have two objectives. Firstly, I intend to probe into the
Bliss Society and eliminate any hidden threats. Secondly, I plan to take
the opportunity to gain insight into the female gathering."

Franca couldn't help but smile at her last statement.

Her strategy for the day involved connecting with people genuinely---a
tactic she had devised with Lumian. If the Demoness at the Red House
Café approached her, she would "confess" her intentions and assess if
the other party had any ties to the Bliss Society.

Franca had even discussed specific details with Anthony Reid, a
Psychiatrist, to prevent herself from reacting excessively. If that
happened, it could do more harm than good.

According to Anthony Reid's suggestion, she was "candid," but not
completely forthcoming. Revealing that she was once a man, had
transformed into a Demoness of Pleasure, and was infiltrating the Savoie
Mob to join the Iron and Blood Cross Order and eventually return to her
original gender would not only fail to gain trust but also raise
suspicions of ulterior motives due to her excessive honesty.

Thus, she only disclosed her identity and primary motives on the
surface, leaving the rest hidden in the details, allowing the other
party to uncover and investigate on their own.

Information gathered through effort was much more credible than mere
words!

Browns Sauron fixed his gaze on Franca's eyes and remarked, "With the
strength you've demonstrated, why limit yourself to being a mob leader?"

"For something of great importance, I believe you would have done the
same," Franca replied cryptically, hinting that she had also discerned
the other party's path, approximate Sequence, and original
circumstances.

With that, she raised her hand to touch the silver-white earring
fastened to her right earlobe and added with a grin, "I forgot to
mention that this isn't my true appearance. My disguise is quite
effective. Otherwise, why did you lose track of me the last time?"

Browns glanced at the silver earring, nodding in comprehension.

Instead of delving deeper into Franca's identity, the conversation
shifted toward the topic of the Bliss Society.

Franca could discern that the Demoness placed significant importance on
the Red House Café's female orgies and was cautious about any
organizations or individuals with hidden agendas.

*Are you telling me that you genuinely form romantic connections with
some of the participants in these orgies and have developed feelings for
them? If this continues, you're bound to encounter trouble sooner or
later. It's perfectly natural to have emotions, but seeking them in such
gatherings is a sign of a narrow perspective... Can't you completely
separate the spiritual from the physical? When there's too much
spiritual connection, the desire for physical intimacy grows.
Conversely, with too much physical intimacy, it's inevitable for souls
to draw closer...* As an observer, Franca offered her critique
of Browns Sauron's situation, drawing from the knowledge and experiences
of two lifetimes that had led to her philosophical reflections.

This insight allowed her to grasp her first principle as a Demoness of
Pleasure to some extent.

She didn't withhold any information. On the one hand, she suspected that
the Demoness Sect had fostered such an "innocent" and emotionally driven
Demoness because they had their sights set on the Sauron family. On the
other hand, she recounted the general activities and abilities of the
Bliss Society.

Upon hearing the name "Sex Addict" and its corresponding behavior,
Browns Sauron's expression grew serious and cautious.

Franca knew when to conclude the conversation. She finished her
after-dinner liqueur, rose gracefully, put on her blue bonnet, and
departed from the Red House Café.

As she entered the rental carriage and returned to the market district,
her mind raced, analyzing potential vulnerabilities.

*I need to persuade Jenna to move out. But having her stay in my
apartment might reveal my true gender. I must remind her not to display
her Assassin and Instigator abilities for the time being...*

*The issue with Ciel is that if Browns Sauron and Poufer Sauron
frequently interact, they might discover that the affluent merchant's
generous scion is, in reality, the leader of the market district's mob,
exposing the Iron and Blood Cross Order's hidden agenda. Yes, Browns is
affiliated with the Demoness Sect and doesn't share the same interests
as the Sauron family. There is a significant likelihood that she would
conceal this fact and exploit it...*

*Browns is brimming with emotions. Is she preparing for the "affliction"
of a Sequence 5?*

"..."

___

Rue du Rossignol, market district.

Lumian teleported back to his safe house.

While waiting for Franca to return Lie to him and allow him to revert to
his original appearance, he contemplated the rumors circulating about
the human blood bread.

*It would have been manageable if I had discovered it from the outset,
but now it's already widely believed. Hundreds or perhaps thousands of
people have bought into it. Tracing it back to the source will be
extremely challenging. Moreover, even if I locate the origin, the person
responsible may be filled with false information and unable to identify
their source... Finding a skilled Psychiatrist who can hypnotize people
is quite a task...*

*The Mandrake rumor La Nou Bruch had heard appears
suspicious...*

After careful consideration, Lumian decided not to dwell on it. He would
report it to Madam Magician and explore the possibility of hiring
someone like Madam Susie or even a high-ranking Psychiatrist such as
Madam Justice to investigate the source of the rumors.

They were experts in similar operations and possessed all the abilities
of "I Know Someone," and even more!

The matter concerning the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for
Blessings was a shared mission of the Tarot Club.

Likewise, Lumian intended to burden the Major Arcana card holders with
the other clue. Given his abilities, it was practically impossible for
him to investigate it further.

He believed that since Loki was operating within Bureau 8, there was a
chance he had either subtly influenced some of his colleagues or been
discovered by them. All these were potential leads.

However, based on his experiences dealing with a Marionettist, Lumian
recalled the events at the Alone Bar and the puppet show in the
basement. It wasn't as murky as he had initially thought. It exuded an
aura of malevolence, obscurity, and terror, and he could distinctly
perceive the tangible danger concealed within the various details.

He suspected that most of the spectators at the marionette theater were,
in fact, marionettes themselves, fitting the bar's name: Alone!

It seemed that there was only one living person amidst the marionettes!

Of course, this was somewhat exaggerated. It was evident that a few
Bureau 8 members were working as bartenders and waitstaff at the Alone
Bar, including Loki and Leah.

Nevertheless, Beyonders capable of manipulating an entire theater filled
with marionettes were far more powerful than Loki. They likely exceeded
Sequence 5 and might even be demigods of the Seer pathway.

Regardless of Lumian's confidence, he didn't believe he could uncover
any clues in a bar protected by a demigod. He didn't dare to attempt it.

Only the Major Arcana card holders of the Tarot Club could conduct a
thorough investigation in that direction!

Without hesitation, Lumian unfolded a letter and began reporting his
findings to Madam Magician.

As the "doll" messenger was summoned, it cast a glance at Lumian and
remarked, "Do you enjoy dressing up?"

*Is that because I'm wearing a new face?* Lumian smiled and
replied, "It's a necessity in certain situations. Disguises help ensure
that one remains unrecognized when carrying out certain tasks."

The messenger nodded slowly.

"No wonder you can't tell I'm different every day."

Lumian gazed at the light-golden attire of the "doll" messenger, unsure
whether to offer a truthful response or a white lie.

*In what way is it different from before?*

Observing Lumian's silence, the messenger snatched the letter and stated
sharply, "My hair is smoother, my skin is more elastic, and my dress is
new..."

With those words, the messenger's voice gradually faded away as it
dissolved into the candlelight.

Lumian let out a sigh and muttered to himself, *Perhaps the more
familiar I become with someone, the less I notice their subtle
changes...*

It was akin to Franca, who appeared so relaxed around him that she
didn't feel the need to rack her brains on many things.

If one had to rack their brains and be on edge when interacting with
others, their mental state would inevitably deteriorate over time.

Seeing that it was time, Lumian left Rue du Rossignol and arrived at
Apartment 601, 3 Rue des Blouses Blanches. He knocked on the door, and
Jenna opened it, looking surprised.

"Who might you be?"

Lumian scoffed. "Can't you still not tell from my gait?"

"Dammit, your aura, which makes others want to beat you up, will make
your disguise useless!" Jenna knew that Lumian possessed a mystical item
capable of altering his appearance.

Once Lumian entered the living room, he glanced around.

"Where's Franca?"

"She hasn't returned from her visit to the Red House Café," Jenna
replied, already aware that Franca had intentions of engaging with a
member of the Demoness Sect. She had also heard her companion mention
the secret organization's animosity towards female Assassins.

Lumian stroked Franca's Mirror Substitution in his arms and settled into
an armchair when he saw that nothing was amiss.

This was Jenna's usual spot.

Jenna rolled her eyes at him and perched on the armrest of a nearby
chair. She asked thoughtfully,

"Why do you have so many enemies? How many of them are there?"

Lumian had briefly recounted the Cordu disaster but had omitted much of
his past. He replied simply, "The Soul Summoning Spell that caused my
sister's problem was acquired from an organization called April Fool's.
They intentionally sold it to my sister. My current objective is to
locate their key members and execute them one by one."

Jenna pursed her lips, refraining from delving into the specifics to
avoid upsetting Lumian.

"How can I assist?" she inquired earnestly.

Lumian pondered for a moment and replied, "Your dedication to becoming a
Witch is the greatest assistance you can provide me."

Not only were the key members of April Fool's formidable, but they also
had no boundaries. Jenna could only participate in the pursuit of these
individuals after becoming a Witch and gaining the ability to create a
Mirror Substitution of herself.

Internally seething with anger, Jenna refrained from voicing her
frustration. She quietly observed Lumian for a few seconds and remarked,
"I sense that you're more exhausted than before..."

Lumian subconsciously smiled.

"But I'm also more motivated."

"But isn't this too intense? Franca mentioned that a constantly tense
string is prone to snapping. The best approach is to alternate between
tension and relaxation," Jenna expressed her concern.

Lumian gave a self-deprecating smile.

"But they won't allow me to relax. They're determined to kill me
themselves."

Noticing Jenna's confusion, he added with a cold expression, "They
haven't reported me to the authorities despite knowing that I'm a wanted
criminal. It's clear they want me to remain in the market district until
they finalize their plan and make all the necessary preparations."