---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1872
index: 401
section: vol3
slug: 401
title: Dreamwalker
---

## Chapter 401: Dreamwalker

From Loki losing control and collapsing without being completely dead,
Lumian had been vigilant about being reported by the key members of the
April Fool's team and staying prepared for potential surprise attacks
from official Beyonders. After all, Loki knew that he was Lumian Lee, a
leader of the Savoie Mob, overseeing Salle de Bal Brise. He even knew
that Lumian carried the aura of the Blood Emperor Alista Tudor.

In the end, official Beyonders merely approached the market district's
police headquarters to inquire about the abnormality that night and to
see if Ciel Dubois, a capable mob leader, knew anything.

This convinced Lumian that the April Fool's team still had their sights
set on him. They were reluctant to hand their target over to the
authorities or force him out of the market district where they could no
longer keep an eye on him.

It had to be known that a marionette sealed with an Angel was
undoubtedly an item that could cause Loki's strength to undergo a
significant transformation. Missing out on Lumian meant he could almost
never meet another one.

Furthermore, the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings
might have a use for Termiboros.

The key members of the April Fool's team were quite direct about this
matter. They didn't bother concealing their mockery and malice. They
believed Lumian could see through it and expected him to be provoked,
eventually choosing to wait in the market district.

When to make their move was entirely up to them. They wouldn't
recklessly attack while Lumian had assistance.

Jenna sensed the anger and hostility lurking beneath Lumian's composed
demeanor and calm words. She didn't attempt to persuade him further and
simply mumbled, "I hope these villains get what's coming to them."

Lumian's emotions had been on an upheaval, causing the lingering effects
of his near-loss of control to resurface.

Taking a deep breath, he raised his right hand and massaged his temples
to ease the pounding in his head.

"What's wrong?" Jenna asked, her concern evident.

Lumian replied succinctly, "The mental trauma from the battle with Loki
will take a week or two to fully heal."

Jenna's eyes darted as she offered, "Do you want me to give you a head
massage? Franca taught me. I'm quite skilled at it.

"Don't be shy. We're friends, after all!"

Her last statement trailed off playfully, an attempt to divert Lumian's
attention and alleviate his emotional state with a teasing tone.

Lumian scoffed.

"Why do you keep saying that from time to time? 'Franca mentioned this,
Franca taught me that.'"

"Don't you often..." Jenna started but abruptly stopped herself.

Initially, she had intended to say, "Don't you often say, 'My sister
said that, my sister taught me that.'"

Lumian fell silent, and Jenna did the same. After a few seconds, seeing
that Lumian didn't object, Jenna left the chair armrest and moved behind
him. She reached out and began massaging his temples and both sides of
his head.

Lumian's body tensed up.

Jenna playfully teased, "Have you never been intimate with a girl
before?"

Lumian scoffed. "As a Hunter, I would instinctively throw anyone who
dared to touch my head or bestow them with a massive fireball. It took a
lot of effort not to roast you."

Amused and exasperated, Jenna tightened her grip.

"Did the Provoker potion completely alter your language and speech
patterns?"

Lumian responded bluntly, "Yo, why the fancy words?"

As the two of them bantered, Lumian's body gradually relaxed. After a
few minutes, he leaned back on the sofa and half-closed his eyes.

While enjoying Jenna's massage and relieving his headache, he naturally
brought up the "pranks" of Loki, I Know Someone, and the other key
members of the April Fool's team. Jenna's anger flared, and she
subconsciously tightened her grip.

"Take it easy," Lumian said with a hint of physical discomfort.

An Assassin possessed considerable strength.

Jenna eased her grip, still fuming.

"I've never encountered such scoundrels or vile individuals in all my
performances. They deserve every bit of suffering!

"Dammit, why am I not a Witch yet?"

Lumian's eyes remained closed as he asked, "How's the digestion with the
Instigator potion? Have you grasped the principles of acting?"

Jenna's attention shifted. As she continued to knead, she reflected,
"There are currently two key points. First, Instigation is a means, not
an end. Second, the essence of Instigation lies in understanding the
core of the matter and the conditions of the people involved, not in the
use of abilities. Additionally, I've come to a realization. Instigation
will inevitably bring about consequences; it just depends on whom you
want to face those consequences."

"Not bad," Lumian commended, a rare occurrence.

Standing behind him, Jenna lifted her chin modestly and said, "I find
opportunities to practice every day, especially among theater actors and
apprentices at places like Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, where
conflicts are abundant. Instigating someone forces me to consider who I
want to benefit and who will be taught a lesson or suffer losses. It
made me realize that instigation is merely a tool."

Lumian's demeanor noticeably softened as he let his thoughts wander. He
casually inquired, "Where do you think I might find an opportunity to
act as a Pyromaniac?"

Jenna's hands continued their soothing motion as she thought and
replied, "Trier is a place of relatively basic order. You can only act
on smaller matters; you can't create a major spectacle there...

"But there might be an opportunity during the pursuit of those villains.
When you mentioned it earlier, I wanted to set them ablaze!"

Lumian suddenly had an idea, though it wasn't entirely clear.

At that moment, footsteps echoed from the stairs, growing progressively
louder.

Jenna released her grip on Lumian's head and approached the door with a
smile.

"Franca is back."

___

In the bustling streets of Trier, the night might lack tranquility, but
the citizens living in those areas still found their way into slumber.

In one person's dream, they envisioned their children gradually
improving and becoming healthier after consuming human blood bread.

Suddenly, a golden retriever carrying a small backpack made an
appearance in the dream.

The golden retriever sat at the dream's edge, guiding the hazy scenes to
reveal hidden memories deep in the dreamer's subconscious.

It was the excitement of pushing through the crowd and rushing towards
the death row inmate's corpse with bread in hand. It was the hesitation
that came after believing that human blood bread could cure illnesses.
It was the mixture of joy and skepticism that had accompanied their
first hearing of this rumor...

The golden retriever caught sight of the figure who had initially
informed the dreamer about the blood bread rumors. It turned out to be a
neighbor who lived next door.

And so, the golden retriever traversed dream after dream, activating the
corresponding subconscious memories to search for the source of the
blood bread rumors.

After hundreds of dreams, the golden retriever noticed two dreams with
clear contradictions.

One belonged to a father who believed that he had obtained the secret of
human blood bread from a Warlock he happened to meet, using it to cure
his daughter's illness. The other dream belonged to his child, who had
suddenly fallen ill and then just as suddenly recovered, as if the human
blood bread was a miraculous elixir.

The golden retriever guided the father to manifest the Warlock in his
dream.

It was very ordinary and unremarkable.

Scenes in the dream flickered rapidly, and the image of the Warlock
began to change, memories flowing back.

When their initial encounter was revealed, the golden retriever saw a
Warlock with a completely different face from before!

Then, the face rapidly shifted, eventually settling into the image the
dreamer normally associated with the Warlock.

The golden retriever had her own interpretation of this.

The Warlock's Hypnosis could only be fully effective in a face-to-face
encounter, allowing the dreamer to retain their first impression of him.
Only then would they be affected by the hypnosis and have the image in
their memory altered.

There was no need to repeat the process of awakening the subconscious
within the dream. The original image of the Warlock naturally surfaced
in the golden retriever's mind.

He had short brown hair, parted in a 3-7 split, flaxen-colored eyes, and
a thin, freckled face. He wore gold-rimmed glasses on the bridge of his
nose...

Exiting the dream, the golden retriever turned her attention to Madam
Magician, who had suddenly appeared beside her. In a human voice, she
declared, "I've obtained a result."

Dressed in a blouse and a long brown dress, Madam Magician sighed and
eagerly said, "Give me the information, and I'll confirm it."

The golden retriever remained silent, her eyes darkening.

After a few seconds, Madam Magician took a few steps forward, causing
starlight to manifest around her.

It resembled a reflection of the vast cosmos on the ground.

The resplendent and condensed stars spun rapidly, providing a
revelation.

Once Madam Magician finished interpreting, she pulled open an illusory
door hidden in the darkness and disappeared.

In just over ten seconds, she reappeared and said to the golden
retriever, "There's no target on the street the astromancy results point
to."

"Were we misled?" the golden retriever inquired in a female voice once
more.

Madam Magician nodded and smirked. "But this also proves that what
you've seen is the actual target."

As she finished speaking, Madam Justice, clad in a white dress with
green trimmings, swiftly materialized.

"Where did you go?" Magician asked in puzzlement.

Madam Justice replied in a gentle voice, "To plant a cue in the dreams
of those seeking human blood bread. I've informed them that The Fool
Pharmaceutical Company will conduct a volunteer consultation in Quartier
de la Cathédrale Commémorative this weekend, offering free treatment and
medicine."

"When do you plan to hold the volunteer consultation?" Magician asked
out of curiosity.

Madam Justice smiled.

"Tomorrow. I'll sponsor it."

___

At 6 a.m., Auberge du Coq Doré, Room 207.

Lumian naturally woke up from his dream and got ready for the day.

Before he could decide on breakfast, he noticed the "doll" messenger
appearing and delivering a letter.

Puzzled, Lumian unfolded the letter and saw a portrait.

Beside the portrait was Madam Magician's handwriting: "This should be
what I Know Someone looks like. We'll mobilize all the card holders in
Trier to search for him, including you."