---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1902
index: 431
section: vol3
slug: 431
title: Three Hunters, One Stage
---

## Chapter 431: Three Hunters, One Stage

Elros extended her right palm and unleashed a crimson fireball.

The fireball streaked in front of the two fiery serpents and collided
with the ground.

Amidst the rumbling, it engulfed the flaming serpents in its own
explosion, halting their advance toward the bronze coffin.

Without further ado, Albus picked up the carbide lamp and rose to his
feet.

He glanced at Elros and grinned.

"So you do know something?"

Albus then taunted Lumian,"You're in the dark here."

*Dammit! If it weren't for this inappropriate setting, I'd go head to
head with you...* Only now did Lumian realize that Albus's
recklessness had been a test and a trap.

"This is the Red Swan Castle of the Sauron family," Elros replied, not
directly addressing Albus but stating a simple fact.

She was implying that she had the Sauron family's bloodline and had
resided in Red Swan Castle for nearly six years. It was only natural for
her to possess knowledge.

Albus shifted his gaze to the white candles, their flames nearly
one-third extinguished, as if he hadn't heard Elros. He asked
straightforwardly, "What are you doing in the depths of this underground
palace? If you don't share, how can we cooperate and assist you?"

Elros looked at the bronze coffin and unexpectedly turned to Lumian, "I
wish to explore this forbidden area, known as the family's secret
ground. Only a few are allowed inside to discover if the curse in our
blood is connected to this place."

"You're an Einhorn. Do you genuinely consider yourself a Sauron family
member?" Albus Medici taunted the lady.

*This was both a dig at Elros for concealing the complete truth and an
effort to sow discord between her and the Sauron family, making her
aware of her place. So, there's no need to help the Sauron family
conceal those secrets?* Lumian discerned a double meaning in
Albus's words.

This made him suspect that the other party might already be a Conspirer.
His unlikable demeanor might be a disguised trap.

Unfazed, Elros sighed and said, "I bear half of the Sauron family's
bloodline and am also a Hunter. I too will be haunted by that curse."

At this point, she turned her gaze towards Albus Medici and inquired,
"What brings you to the depths of the underground palace? Don't tell me
you're truly here to indulge in my naive cousin's childish games?"

Albus responded in a half-sigh, half-sincere tone, "It's time for the
Sauron family's curse to come to an end.

"And to break this curse, we must first fathom the essence and origin of
this curse."

"Is that so?" Elros no longer displayed the same obedience and
restraint.

Albus chuckled.

"You misunderstand. This is what we call the highest level of love,
compassion, and benevolence. There are no limits, and I embody that."

*I'd be a fool to take your word for it... Nevertheless, a true
Conspirer doesn't just tell lies. They always reveal partial truths or
even the whole truth. It's just that they omit the crucial parts... What
was the truth in Albus Medici's response? Could it be that he genuinely
wishes to help the Sauron family break the curse? If Elros were to say
so, I'd believe her. How can an outsider like him, with no ties to the
Sauron family, possess such kindness... Could it be a byproduct of
pursuing his true objective?* Lumian listened silently,
dissecting the responses of his two "companions."

He didn't completely trust Elros either, suspecting that she was only
revealing part of the truth.

Her abrupt change in demeanor and her command over the giant black
spiders didn't seem like something a young girl living in her
grandfather's house would be capable of.

Elros and Albus evaluated Lumian's explanation with identical, almost
mocking smiles. Then, they both turned to him and asked in unison, "Why
did you venture into the depths of the underground palace?"

"Me?" Lumian pointed at himself with his free left hand and responded
honestly, "Someone entrusted me with investigating the Sauron family's
decline and provided me with something."

The "someone" referred to Gardner Martin, and the "something" pertained
to the dangerous corruption at 13 Avenue du Marché, although Lumian
didn't disclose whether he had accepted it.

Albus smiled, acknowledging the lie while being aware of Lumian's "true
identity."

Elros's eyes flickered, swiftly assessing which parts of Lumian's words
were true and which were lies or incomplete.

After a moment of silence, Lumian sighed and chided both Albus and
Elros.

"You Hunters, despite all you've said, not a single one of you took a
step forward!"

The three of them remained at the door, waiting for one another to step
into the minefield.

"Talking to you guys is a waste of time." Albus sighed.

Nevertheless, he refrained from advancing. He clicked his tongue and
added, "If only a Beyonder of the Sailor pathway were here at a time
like this."

"Don't assume that Beyonders of the Sailor pathway are impulsive,
reckless, and impatient. The potion may have an effect, but a person's
character and experience are the most critical factors determining their
actions. If you rely on such stereotypes for Beyonders of the Sailor
pathway in the future, you may find yourself turned into a
characteristic," Elros mocked Albus.

Lumian abstained from joining their debate and asked contemplatively,
"If we hadn't chosen the middle path and the Door of Madness, would we
still be here?"

"Yes, but some rooms are even more dangerous," Elros replied, her gaze
fixed on the hall's surroundings.

Lumian nodded and asked, "Will we encounter demigod-level monsters?"

"Most of the demigod-level Beyonder characteristics have been retrieved.
Many below the demigod level still linger in the underground palace,
turning this place into a restricted hunting ground for members of the
Sauron family seeking to improve themselves." Elros didn't seem inclined
to conceal anything for the Sauron family.

*Most of them have been retrieved... Does that mean some are still
hidden in the depths of the underground palace? Did this coincide with
the complete disappearance of some key members? Do the Sauron family not
want to retrieve them, or are they incapable of doing so?*

*Indeed, Elros's description aligns with the Sauron family's current
situation. There aren't many Saint-level demigods, but it's still a
substantial number. Many key members are scattered in the military,
politics, and business world, holding significant influence... Are they
lacking strength at a higher level? There are no Angels, only a Grade 0
Sealed Artifact. Or is there just one Angel?* Lumian glanced
around and realized that Elros and Albus remained remarkably patient, as
if they had frozen in their spots.

Truth be told, Lumian was tempted to observe the outcomes of Elros and
Albus, using their luck to gauge the danger of venturing deeper into the
hall within the underground palace. However, given Elros's erratic
temperament and the unnerving silence of Termiboros, he abandoned the
idea.

Not only was it extremely risky, but it could also mislead him!

At that moment, Lumian suddenly felt a surge of danger.

He swiftly turned, his gaze following the glow of the carbide lamp, and
Albus and Elros did the same.

In the diagonal corridor above, a hand with dark-red, almost black blood
vessels extended from the darkness, pressing against the wall,
illuminated by the faint yellowish glow.

Lumian's eyelids twitched as he recalled the image that had left the
most profound mark on his nightmares, a result of the King's Pie game.

In the bronze coffin, surrounded by white candles, a hand with dark-red,
nearly black blood vessels suddenly extended, gripping a shriveled,
blackened heart, from which blood oozed!

*Has the menacing creature from the bronze coffin surfaced?*
Before Lumian could activate Spirit World Traversal, an intense fear
overwhelmed him, as if it wanted him to yield, and he involuntarily bent
forward.

Instinctively resisting and struggling, he, along with Albus and Elros,
stepped back and entered the hall.

In an instant, an illusion materialized before their eyes.

Lumian "witnessed" the hall enveloped in surreal purple flames, akin to
an inferno from myths and legends.

At the heart of the purple flames was the bronze coffin. It had turned
transparent, as if it had lost its physical form, revealing an
iron-black ring pressing down on it.

The ring was embedded in the ground, with viscous, bottomless
blood-colored spring water in its center. In the spring water, shriveled
and blackened hearts bobbed up and down.

Bloodlines extended from the iron-black ring. Some wound around the base
of the bronze coffin and burrowed into it, while others connected to the
white candles.

In the next moment, Lumian heard a frenzied and violent illusory roar,
as if emanating from deep underground.

His mind reeled, and he lost consciousness.

___

In the boundless darkness, the bewildered Lumian faintly heard a
majestic voice, but the words eluded his understanding.

In his stupor, he strained to discern the voice. Aurore's melodious song
and the ethereal flute of the shepherds echoed in his ears.

*"I'm the elf of spring..."*

As the voices gradually grew more distinct, Lumian sensed searing heat
in his right palm.

The intensity of the sensation was almost tangible, accompanied by a
burning pain.

*Pain... Pain!* Lumian snapped out of his fugue and forced his
eyes open.

Before him, a crimson fireball blazed, and he found himself encased
within a metal framework, his body held upright.

At that moment, a man dressed in black robes, sporting a vivid red beard
that made him look like a human-lion hybrid, stood before the metal
frame. He held softened candles and pressed them against Lumian's body,
one by one.

Without hesitation, Lumian activated the black mark on his right
shoulder.

With a ghostly flicker, he vanished from the metal frame, along with a
portion of the candles.

Lumian materialized swiftly at the entrance to Red Swan Castle's
underground labyrinth.

He hastily scanned the surroundings and breathed a sigh of relief,
seeing that everything seemed normal.

Without delay, Lumian brushed the wax from his body and examined his
belongings.

To his astonishment, not only were the original mystical items, gold
coins, banknotes, and various lotions intact, but even the Beyonder
characteristic of the wax figure artisan and the shriveled heart he had
obtained in the underground palace remained.

*No one searched me?* Amid his bewilderment, fragmented memories
flitted through his mind.

He recalled scenes of himself walking in silence through the darkness
without his carbide lamp.

In those images, his countenance appeared lifeless and rigid, like that
of a wax figure.

Eventually, he reached a room and nestled within a metal framework,
calmly awaiting the wax figure artisan's transformation.

*This doesn't resemble me at all...* Lumian rubbed his throbbing
head and opted to ascend the stairs, departing the underground
labyrinth.

He promptly returned to the first-floor living room, where he found the
poet, Iraeta, happily sipping absinthe.

"You're back too?" Iraeta inquired with curiosity.

"Yes," Lumian replied, having regained his composure, as he settled onto
the sofa and offered a smile. "I got separated from them."

As he finished speaking, Albus, with his fiery red hair, made his
appearance at the living room door.