---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1903
index: 432
section: vol3
slug: 432
title: Beatdown
---

## Chapter 432: Beatdown

Albus was caught off guard when he spotted Lumian comfortably seated on
the sofa.

"That was quick."

"You're not slow either," Lumian replied with a "kind" smile.

From his point of view, breaking free from the ethereal, underground
roar and not turning into a wax statue indicated that Albus wasn't just
an ordinary member of the Iron and Blood Cross Order. Perhaps the
sinister corruption at 13 Avenue du Marché was helping him withstand
that terrifying roar.

In contrast, Elros Einhorn, with her unique Sauron family bloodline,
seemed more likely to emerge unscathed and return safely.

Albus flashed a smile, pulled up a chair, and casually enjoyed some
refreshments as though nothing out of the ordinary had occurred. He
signaled the servant nearby to replace his tea with a fresh cup of black
tea.

After about four to five minutes, both Lumian and Albus simultaneously
shifted their attention towards the living room door.

Elros, dressed in a comfortable dress, entered the room.

Seeing Lumian and Albus, she appeared surprised but not shocked. She
quickly put on a polite, obedient smile.

Elros resumed her seat, becoming once again the reserved girl staying at
her maternal grandfather's house.

Poet Iraeta seemed oblivious to the unusual atmosphere. He sipped his
absinthe and discussed poetry writing with Lumian.

Fifteen minutes later, Count Poufer, decked out in a scarlet velvet
coat, returned to the living room with Novelist Anori and Painter
Mullen.

When Poufer laid eyes on Lumian, the owner of Red Swan Castle was
visibly taken aback, nearly losing control of his expression.

He never anticipated encountering Ciel Dubois again, or more accurately,
Ciel Dubois in his present state!

Shortly after, Poufer's gaze swept across Albus, Elros, and Iraeta, his
face reflecting shock and suspicion as if he had stepped into a surreal
dream.

"Ah, Poufer, you're finally back. We had given up on the adventure long
ago and decided not to delve deeper into the dark maze." Albus set aside
his *mille-feuille* and warmly welcomed him. "How did it go? Did
you manage to locate the Count's crown?"

Instinctively, Poufer shifted his body to prevent Albus, with his hands
smeared in pastry flakes, from giving him a hug.

He managed to force a smile and replied, "We had no luck finding it
either. When did you get back?"

"Less than half an hour ago." Only then did Albus remember to smack his
hands and brush off the pastry crumbs.

Lumian rose from his seat and inquired, "Where's Monsieur Ernst Young?"

Novelist Anori shook his head.

"He got separated from us. I hope he remembers to pull the bell rope and
summon the servants to find him."

"That's correct. The servants in this castle know the underground palace
better than I do," Poufer remarked, his expression returning to its
usual state as he settled into an armchair.

Lumian was eager to return and confirm his discoveries. He glanced at
the antique wall clock hanging on the wall and smiled at Poufer.

"I still have some matters to attend to, so I won't be attending the
banquet tonight."

Poufer's mind seemed preoccupied, and he didn't press Lumian to stay. He
rose once more and escorted Lumian to the living room's exit.

Lumian cast a grateful look at the owner of Red Swan Castle and shook
his hand with sincerity.

"Count, thank you for a fantastic afternoon. I thoroughly enjoyed this
game. I hope we can play it again."

From the depths of his heart, Lumian wanted to express his gratitude to
Poufer Sauron. Not only had he provided an "opportunity" to digest the
potion, but he had also "unveiled" the family's hunting grounds, making
it easier for Lumian to locate suspected Beyonder creatures related to
Conspirers without extensive searching.

How could he not show his appreciation?

Of course, Lumian genuinely desired to eliminate Poufer Sauron. If not
for his uniqueness, he would have been turned into a wax statue.

Lumian's sole reason for not launching a direct attack wasn't concern
about Sauron family retaliation or fear of spoiling the Iron and Blood
Cross Order's plans. Instead, he instinctively believed that even though
Poufer Sauron appeared to be an ordinary person or a relatively weak
Beyonder with limited knowledge, if Lumian were to confront him, he
might well be the one facing danger.

Count Poufer's expression soured as he received the heartfelt gratitude.

Lumian appeared oblivious to this and reiterated his desire to partake
in another underground palace adventure game. With that, he turned and
exited the living room, leaving Poufer Sauron perplexed and watchful.

After departing from Red Swan Castle and boarding the four-wheeled,
four-seater borrowed from Gardner Martin, Lumian's smile faded, replaced
by a solemn countenance.

At the conclusion of this underground palace adventure, he had gained a
clear understanding of the disparity between his strength and that of
higher-level entities. With a mere illusory roar, he lost consciousness
and self-control, unable to resist.

Only thanks to Mr. Fool's seal, Termiboros's presence, and the lingering
aura of the Blood Emperor Alista Tudor did he manage to escape with his
life.

*My Sequence is still too low...* Lumian sighed inwardly and
closed his eyes, reflecting on the adventure's details.

___

Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, 11 Rue des Fontaines.

Gardner Martin leisurely roamed through the armor and weapons on display
in the hall, running his fingers over the metallic textures as Lumian
recounted his encounters in the depths of the underground palace. He
described the room with the wax statues, the wax sculptor, the mutated
black spider, the iron soldiers, the bronze coffin, the white candles,
and the eerie roar.

However, Lumian omitted the details of how he had escorted Poet Iraeta
back to the underground palace's entrance. He also left out the part
about burning the wax statues and him murdering the wax sculptor.

Finally, he couldn't conceal his anger, frustration, and perplexity.

"Commanding Officer, didn't you promise to secretly watch to prevent any
mishaps? If I hadn't inexplicably awakened, I'd be a wax statue now!

"Did you use Albus to keep an eye on me?"

Lumian's questioning tone didn't seem to provoke Gardner Martin. The
latter turned to him, his smile widening as he spoke calmly.

"I was indeed observing from the shadows."

At this point, his smile grew even more, but his voice remained
composed.

"I witnessed you escorting the poet back to the underground palace's
entrance. I saw you set fire to the wax statues in that room and
detonate the wax sculptor's head."

*Wh---* Lumian's eyes narrowed, and a shiver ran down his spine
as his hair stood on end.

He blurted out, "Albus is already back?"

*How did the Boss find out about my actions?*

*Could he truly be trailing me in secret or monitoring my every move in
the underground maze?*

*How did he do it? I didn't notice at all!*

Gardner Martin chuckled.

"Albus hasn't returned yet."

*It wasn't Albus? That's right, Albus had no knowledge of my actions
regarding the wax sculptor's demise. No one else was present... How did
the Boss discover it?* Lumian's usual tendency to underestimate
Gardner Martin vanished, replaced by a sense that the head of the Savoie
Mob, the Commanding Officer of the Iron and Blood Cross Order, possessed
more mystery and power than he initially believed.

Previously, perhaps Madam Magician of the Tarot Club and Mr. K of the
Aurora Order had displayed abilities that Lumian found beyond
imagination or awe-inspiring. Therefore, when facing Gardner Martin, who
appeared to be the weakest of the three "superiors," Lumian had always
considered him less formidable. He even believed that if they were
within a five-meter range, he might have a chance to eliminate this
Commanding Officer.

Now, from the looks of it, Lumian wasn't confident.

Considering that Gardner Martin might have revealed this information to
unnerve him, Lumian didn't attempt to conceal his changing expressions
and body language.

Gardner Martin observed Lumian's bewildered and fearful expression and
added with a smile, "Do you really think you woke up for no reason?"

*Whoa, so you're the one who helped? If I hadn't heard the grandiose
voice, Aurore's humming, and the conversation with the people in Cordu
and felt the burning pain in my right palm, I would have believed you...
In essence, the corruption at 13 Avenue du Marché could have helped me
break free from that state, but the Boss had intentionally left it
ambiguous. He wants me to believe that he had played a role. This Hunter
didn't lie, but he certainly didn't disclose the whole truth. How much
of what he said was based on what he saw with his own eyes, and how much
was gathered through other means?* Lumian's thoughts raced as he
bowed his head.

"Thank you, Commanding Officer."

Gardner Martin nodded warmly with a smile and said, "We've gained
something from this operation. At the very least, we know that there are
terrifying items sealed deep in Red Swan Castle's underground palace. Do
you want to exchange them for rewards or save them to trade for valuable
items later, such as higher Sequence potions?"

Lumian had accumulated a sum of 20,000 verl d'or over the past month
through Gardner Martin's funds, his "salary" from Salle de Bal Brise,
and his earnings from acting. Money wasn't an immediate concern.

He pondered for a moment.

"Let's save them for now."

As he spoke, he presented the Beyonder characteristic of the wax
sculptor and other items to Gardner Martin and inquired, "Boss, can I
use these to concoct the Conspirer potion?"

Gardner Martin examined the shrunken blood-colored brain and the
shriveled, blackened heart for a moment.

"When combined, they can be used to concoct the Conspirer potion, but
they will have additional Hunter, Provoker, and Pyromaniac
characteristics compared to ordinary ingredients. You need to be very
confident before using them.

"Right, this heart still retains traces of the Sauron family's
bloodline, which might affect your advancement to some extent. If you're
not confident, I can provide you with a Conspirer potion in exchange for
these ingredients and make up the difference. Consider it a partial
reward."

*In essence, ordinary Black Hunting Spiders and Sphinxes only possess
the Conspirer Beyonder characteristic, excluding the ones from before.
The wax sculptor and the mutated black spider were like two halves of a
Conspirer. When combined, they formed a complete Sequence 9 to 6
Beyonder...* Lumian grasped the situation and smiled.

"It sounds like it will make me stronger. I'd like to see if I can
handle the associated risks."

Gardner Martin didn't push further and allowed Lumian to depart.

___

Upon returning to Auberge du Coq Doré, Lumian took his place at his desk
and began writing a letter to Madam Magician.