---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1904
index: 433
section: vol3
slug: 433
title: Secret Past
---

## Chapter 433: Secret Past

Lumian diligently wrote down every detail of the events that had
unfolded from the moment Lumian set foot in Red Swan Castle. He
condensed the communications, focusing on the key points.

He had a strong sense that the Sauron family's underground maze
concealed a crucial secret. Fearing that he might lack the knowledge and
write off problematic parts as normal, inadvertently overlooking
something, he decided to mention everything and allow Madam Magician to
assess it herself.

It took Lumian half an hour to draft the letter.

He then closed the curtains and performed a ritual, summoning the "doll"
messenger.

After nearly twenty minutes, the messenger returned with two folded
squares of letter paper.

*There are actually two pages. She places quite a lot of importance on
this...* Lumian contemplated for a moment before silently
unfolding them.

"Gardner Martin is correct. The so-called wax sculptor and mutated black
spider are actually an enhanced Sphinx and Black Hunting Spider
respectively. They contain Beyonder characteristics of the previous
Sequences. What he didn't mention is that using the heart not only
affects your advancement but is also linked to a special ritual that
causes Beyonders who use it to merge with some of the Sauron family's
bloodline, potentially subjecting them to a curse. However, for you,
there's nothing to worry about. You've already taken the role of emperor
during the King's Pie game. Why should you fear this?

"That tiny trace of the Sauron family's bloodline might have an
undiscovered significance at some point."

*Undiscovered significance... Is Madam Magician hinting at something she
observed in her astromancy? If I genuinely use that withered heart to
concoct the potion, not only will I possess a hint of the Blood
Emperor's aura, but I'll also have a bit of the Sauron family's
bloodline. What kind of fucking amalgamation would this be!?*
Lumian mercilessly mocked himself.

If he further possessed an Einhorn bloodline, Lumian wouldn't even dare
to imagine whether he'd be considered a prodigy in the Hunter pathway or
simply mediocre.

After this self-mockery, Lumian continued to read.

"You've gained a lot from this adventure. Combining your experiences,
what you've witnessed, what you've heard, and what you've encountered in
the previous two King's Pie games, my initial assessment is that the
formidable Angel, Vermonda Champagne Sauron, from 200 years ago is still
alive. He resides somewhere underground in that chamber, confined within
a bronze coffin, surrounded by white candles, iron-black rings,
blood-colored spring water, and the hearts extracted from the Sauron
family's key members through a unique ritual. Even the entire
underground maze is linked to a perilous Sealed Artifacts, designed to
limit Vermonda Sauron's movements to the greatest extent.

"This is the first victim of the Sauron family's curse. Why did He
vanish suddenly, why did He descend underground, and why does He remain
alive? It has had a profound impact on generations of Red Swan Castle
and the Sauron family, driving them to the brink of insanity. This is a
crucial matter that requires further clarification. It's the real cause
behind the Sauron family's decline.

"It's too dangerous for you. At your Sequence, you would find it
extremely challenging to investigate. As you've experienced, even
hearing Vermonda Sauron's voice causes temporary disorientation, leaving
you in a daze, and the wax sculptor would reconstruct you. This prevents
you from getting close to the bronze coffin and the seal over it.

"Of course, once you possess a trace of the Sauron family's bloodline
and master the special ritual that Poufer Sauron once underwent, you
might have a chance to enter that chamber. But all in all, I advise
against taking this risk until you're prepared to advance to Sequence 4
and approach the threshold of godhood. If Gardner Martin assigns a
similar mission in the future, just perform it perfunctorily.

"Considering your contributions, the next time you require a potion
formula or specific ingredients, feel free to contact me directly.
You'll receive a substantial discount."

*Angel?* Lumian's eyelids twitched.

The mysterious and missing Sauron family ancestor, Vermonda, was, in
fact, a formidable Angel!

The voice that had instantaneously robbed him of consciousness and
nearly caused him to faint belonged to a genuine Mythical Creature!

Furthermore, this Angel remained in a state of complete madness and
needed to be sealed.

*The Sauron family's underground maze is indeed a perilous place, but it
also conceals a wealth of "treasures"...* Lumian muttered with a
mix of lingering fear and anticipation.

In reality, even without Madam Magician's advice, he had no desire to
risk approaching the chamber with the bronze coffin.

What if Poufer Sauron was waiting there next time, and he ended up
losing himself, only to be killed?

It appeared that the mission to investigate the cause of the Sauron
family's decline could only progress once he grew stronger.

Of course, Gardner Martin could handle it himself or seek assistance
from the vice presidents of the Iron and Blood Cross Order.

After digesting these paragraphs, Lumian exhaled and continued reading
the last part of the letter.

"Albus Medici isn't as straightforward as he may seem---not just a
member of the Iron and Blood Cross Order. His last name is
self-explanatory.

"In ancient times, before Blood Emperor Alista Tudor became the Red
Priest, the God of War had another name. He was one of the eight Kings
of Angels who had once served under the Ancient Sun God, known as the
Red Angel or War Angel Medici.

"One of His duties was to watch over and instruct Amon."

*King of Angels... How do they differ from regular Angels? The Ancient
Sun God's impact on the future was profoundly significant. The one
revered by the Aurora Order, some of the seven orthodox gods, Amon, and
the former God of War, Medici...* Lumian pondered, realizing
that many issues of the current era might trace back to events two to
three thousand years ago, linked to the Ancient Sun God's downfall.

His curiosity was piqued, and he read the remainder of the content with
greater focus than before.

"Red Angel Medici, the Sauron family, and the Einhorn family's most
ancient ancestor all perished simultaneously under Alista Tudor and the
nobles' combined efforts, giving rise to the Red Priest. However, after
the Blood Emperor's demise, the Sauron and Einhorn families reclaimed
their Beyonder characteristics.

"A King of Angels doesn't meet His end so easily. For some reason, the
Red Angel, Sauron, and Einhorn merged into a potent evil spirit, a
fusion of malevolence. Just a few years ago, this evil spirit found a
means to break free from the geographical confines, vanishing without a
trace from its place of origin.

"Red Angel Medici left behind numerous descendants and established a
secretive angelic lineage, with many residing in Bansy Harbor. Yes, the
same Bansy Harbor I mentioned earlier, which was greatly corrupted and
directly annihilated by the Church of Storms. However, over the past one
to two thousand years, members of the Medici family have gradually
departed the island and returned to the Northern Continent. Albus Medici
should be a direct descendant of one such individual.

"It's reasonable to suspect that Albus may have already crossed paths
with this evil spirit. Removing the Sauron family's curse could be part
of the evil spirit's agenda, and the portion linked to Red Angel Medici
likely desires the Sauron family's hoarded possessions. They also seek
to uncover what Vermonda Sauron experienced.

"As for Albus's presence at the Sacred Heart Cloister, it might be due
to the evil spirit guiding him or the Iron and Blood Cross Order sensing
an anomaly and sending him to establish contact with the monks and
gather information.

"Don't worry, Miss Justice and Susie will keep a close watch."

*There's an issue with the Sacred Heart Cloister...* Lumian
hadn't foreseen problems with the Eternal Blazing Sun Church's largest
cloister in Trier, but Madam Magician's words had unmistakably
highlighted this situation.

Previously, when he speculated about Albus's purpose at the Sacred Heart
Cloister, he had engaged in extensive analysis, yet he hadn't
contemplated an issue with the cloister itself. He had merely assumed
that Gardner Martin was seeking to understand certain matters there and
gauge the inclinations and attitudes of various Eternal Blazing Sun
Church factions.

Combined with Madam Magician's statement that someone from the Tarot
Club was monitoring a potential lead, Lumian now suspected that the
issue with the Sacred Heart Cloister might be linked to the worship of
an evil god!

*A substantial crisis is brewing...* Lumian's sense of urgency
surged.

At the end of the letter, Madam Magician wrote:

"Perhaps Gardner Martin's ability to 'see' something in the underground
maze is related to his exposure to the corruption at 13 Avenue du
Marché. It could also be due to the item smuggled in through Rat. I
don't know what it is exactly.

"Consume the potion soon and advance to Sequence 6. If the catastrophe
is averted unsuccessfully in the future, teleport out of Trier with the
Two of Cups and your friends, or seek refuge in Mr. Fool's cathedral."

Lumian read the reply and contemplated it for a moment, silently
watching it consumed by the crimson flames.

___

3 Rue des Blouses Blanches, Apartment 601.

Franca, clad in a cotton shirt and light-colored pants, looked surprised
when she saw Lumian outside the door.

"Didn't Poufer Sauron's banquet just begin?"

*Why did he return so suddenly?*

"I ventured into Red Swan Castle's underground maze this afternoon and
gained quite a bit," Lumian replied with a smile as he entered the room
and closed the door. "I need your help now."

"What did you gain? And how can I help?" Franca inquired, a mix of
curiosity and confusion in her expression.

Lumian chose to address the latter question.

"Help me hold something. If something goes wrong after I consume the
potion, open it immediately."

"Consume the potion?" Franca was taken aback. "Have you finished
digesting your Pyromaniac potion?"

"The digestion is complete," Lumian affirmed with a smile.

Franca instinctively asked, "Have you gathered all the ingredients for
your Conspirer potion?"

"Yes," Lumian replied with a grin.

"..." Franca couldn't help but mutter, "You've only been out for an
afternoon, but it feels like you've been gone for two to three weeks..."

Not only had the Pyromaniac potion been fully digested, but he had also
acquired most of the ingredients for the subsequent potion!

Lumian showed an unusual sincerity as he explained, "This is all thanks
to nature---no, thanks to Poufer Sauron."