---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1908
index: 437
section: vol3
slug: 437
title: Cashing Out
---

## Chapter 437: Cashing Out

Jenna remained indifferent during the initial part of the sermon,
finding it reminiscent of the Eternal Blazing Sun Church's Holy Bible.

However, her attention perked up when The Fool requested to be addressed
as "him" rather than "Him." This slight change in expression indicated
her growing focus.

As the sermon continued, Jenna's surprise became evident, and her face
revealed a mix of shock and intrigue.

*Is Gehrman Sparrow, the adventurer, truly connected to The Fool's
Church?*

*Could he be an angelic messenger delivering The Fool's message of
redemption?*

Jenna wondered amidst her astonishment. Teslian, the half-giant bishop,
didn't press her about her belief in The Fool but instead turned his
attention to a supplicant deeply immersed in prayer.

The supplicant appeared to be a sailor in his prime from the sea. His
skin was bronze, and his face bore obvious signs of the elements. His
hair was disheveled and dark-blue, and Jenna couldn't see his features
due to his bowed head in prayer.

Dressed in the same linen shirt, brown jacket, and loose dark pantaloons
favored by sailors and pirates, he also sported a unique belt adorned
with a dagger, telescope, and various tools.

*He's probably a captain. He looks quite dignified...* Lumian
retracted his gaze and looked at Jenna.

Jenna, still processing the revelations, rose in a daze and left the
cathedral. She wandered aimlessly along the harbor district's edge.

Lumian followed, hands in his pockets, refraining from immediate
persuasion.

After walking for nearly ten minutes, Jenna slowed down and muttered to
herself, "No wonder you claim to be a shallow believer in God."

The God referred to the Eternal Blazing Sun.

Lumian replied with a smirk, "You can also be a shallow believer in Mr.
Fool. He doesn't concern himself with such matters."

"I... I'll think about it," Jenna replied, her beliefs shaken by the
unconventional sermon. It wasn't that the Bible was well-written;
rather, The Fool's claims and the Church of The Fool's approach differed
significantly from her previous teachings. She now hesitated and
struggled with her faith.

Lumian glanced at her and didn't incessantly persuade her.

In such situations, it was crucial to know when to stop, as excessive
attempts could lead to resistance and repulsion.

Almost simultaneously, Lumian sighed inwardly.

*As expected, proselytizing needs to be done by
professionals...*

Given my friendship with Jenna, she didn't hesitate to reject my
suggestion to convert. However, the bishop's sermon had stirred
something within her, causing her to reconsider her stance...

The two of them continued in silence for another 10 to 20 meters, with
Lumian stealing glances at the bustling harbor and the deserted streets
nearby. He casually asked, "How's your progress with gathering the Witch
potion ingredients?"

Jenna was caught off guard by the question.

"I only digested the Instigator potion two days ago. How could I have
gathered the main ingredient for the Witch potion so quickly?"

Perhaps it was the residual influence of the cathedral, but Jenna's urge
to curse wasn't as pronounced.

Lumian dropped a bombshell. "Well, I digested the Pyromaniac potion
yesterday and managed to acquire both the main ingredient and the
supplementary ingredients for the Conspirer potion on the same day."

Jenna couldn't help but exclaim, "Dammit! How can we be the same? I want
a special hunting ground for hunting and digestion too!"

Franca had already informed her of Lumian's encounter in Red Swan
Castle, excluding Magician's response.

Jenna found it surreal.

Just last night, they were both at Sequence 8 and Sequence 7
respectively, and the gap wasn't that significant. Why did the things
they experienced differ so much, as if they were worlds apart?

One of them still dwelled on the fringes of mysticism, occasionally
encountering the horrifying bizarre. The other had delved deep into the
mysteries, surrounded by secrecy and danger.

After venting her frustration, Jenna disclosed, "I asked the Purifiers,
and they don't seem very supportive of my advancement to become a Witch.
They won't pay me in advance for the main ingredients. They claimed
there's no pressing need for my investigations at the moment. However,
they did promise to sell me the main ingredients and the more elusive
supplementary ingredients at a discount if I can raise the funds. The
main ingredients alone cost 16,000 verl d'or each."

*A discounted price... Besides, does this promise mean that the
Purifiers have every main ingredient for the Witch potion? I thought
they only had converged Beyonder characteristics. After all, their
method of obtaining Witch-related items should involve hunting... Does
the Eternal Blazing Sun Church have a way to restore Beyonder
characteristics to main ingredients?* Lumian didn't quite
understand.

Turning his gaze to the road, Lumian pondered and asked, "Do you owe
Franca 60,000 verl d'or now?"

"Yes, I do." Jenna fretted at the mention of it. I wonder when I'll be
able to pay it back."

Lumian chuckled.

"In that case, would you like to owe a bit more?"

"Huh?" Jenna's thoughts froze.

With his hands still in his pockets, Lumian grinned.

"Owe me 35,000 verl d'or, and I'll help you gather all the ingredients
for the Witch potion."

Jenna, intrigued, inquired, "D-do you actually know where to find them?"

Lumian chuckled.

"I'm not entirely certain, but there's a good chance."

He intended to exchange it from the Iron and Blood Cross Order.

Yesterday, he had received recognition from Gardner Martin for his
adventure in Red Swan Castle's underground maze, and this contribution
could be redeemed immediately or accumulated for higher Sequence
potions. Lumian hadn't made up his mind on how to use it yet, but now he
decided to utilize it to get all the ingredients for Jenna's Witch
potion.

He might need to fork out some money, but disaster could strike at any
moment. He might not remain with the Iron and Blood Cross Order in the
future. Converting his contribution into a tangible reward made sense.

Moreover, the items gained through such contributions were of lesser
value compared to having a willing, living Witch's assistance.

When the time came, with Conspirer Lumian, Demoness of Pleasure Franca,
and Witch Jenna working together, they could form a formidable team even
among official factions and the Inquisition. Combined with the
appropriate mystical items, they could handle most Beyonders below the
demigod level. Additionally, they had an unofficial
member---Psychiatrist Anthony Reid.

Lumian believed that Gardner Martin likely had the necessary Witch
potion ingredients. After all, the Iron and Blood Cross Order primarily
followed the Hunter pathway, which was closely related to the Assassin
pathway. Over the years, it was improbable that no convergence effect
had occurred.

If needed, Lumian could also seek assistance from Mr. K and Madam
Magician.

Jenna fell silent, unable to respond immediately.

Lumian chuckled again.

"It's not a good thing to owe me. In addition to repaying the principal,
you have to pay interest, which is helping me with certain tasks.
Fortunately, you'll soon have an opportunity to do so."

Jenna pursed her lips and exhaled slowly.

"Alright, I'll give you 10,000 verl d'or first, so I'll only owe you
25,000."

"No problem," Lumian agreed indifferently.

Seeing that Jenna was about to say something, he chuckled and said, "No
need to thank me..."

He then lowered his voice and feigned a feminine voice. "We're friends,
after all!"

"..." Jenna struggled to find the words. "Dammit!"

Lumian simply chuckled and said nothing.

Jenna, on the other hand, silently followed him across the street toward
a few rental carriages parked there.

As they boarded the carriage, Jenna suddenly muttered to herself, "Thank
you."

Lumian appeared to be in his own world, occupying a seat in the carriage
and disregarding his image.

___

In the afternoon, at 11 Rue des Fontaines.

Lumian spotted Gardner Martin, dressed in a shirt and sweater.

Lumian got straight to the point, saying, "Boss, I wish to exchange my
contributions for the Witch potion or all the corresponding
ingredients."

Gardner Martin, without displaying any surprise, looked at Lumian with a
smile and inquired, "Who is the Witch potion for?"

Lumian replied candidly, "It's for Jenna."

Gardner Martin appeared to be listening and gestured for Lumian to
continue.

Lumian said sincerely, "I'm looking for a reliable ally with
considerable strength."

At this point, he smiled. "Moreover, I want to experience genuine
pleasure."

Gardner Martin burst into laughter.

"Not bad. That's what an ambitious Hunter should aim for.

"No problem. Come by tomorrow morning to collect the Beyonder
characteristics and supplementary ingredients. Oh, and make up the
difference with another 10,000 verl d'or."

Gardner Martin understood that Lumian and Jenna had a close relationship
with mutual trust. Furthermore, Lumian and Franca's cooperation didn't
involve seeking pleasure.

Lumian responded with a smile, "Thank you, Commanding Officer."

After leaving Rue des Fontaines and returning to Salle de Bal Brise,
Lumian finally had some free time after a long day of activity.

In the evening, he enjoyed La Fée Verte while listening to Jenna,
dressed as Showy Diva, singing passionately to earn money. His mind
wandered.

*How much can a local singer earn? It's only a few thousand verl d'or a
year...*

*It's still better to fleece the Iron and Blood Cross Order and hunt
heretics... When Jenna becomes a Witch, she'll have the strength to
participate in battles at this level...*

*Speaking of which, I didn't think much of it when I read The Adventurer
series in the past. Now that I think about it, doesn't Gehrman Sparrow
spend most of his time hunting pirates with Beyonder characteristics?
How can he become a famous pirate or a great pirate without Beyonder
characteristics?*

*Yes, although the corresponding battles are vague and exaggerated, only
highlighting the main points, it's obvious that the author has a certain
understanding of Beyonder battles. Is Madam Fors Wall also a
Beyonder?*

Relaxing until nearly midnight, Lumian returned to Auberge du Coq Doré.

As soon as he pushed open Room 207's door, he saw a square of letter on
the table under the crimson moonlight.

*Madam Magician's letter...* Lumian lit the carbide lamp and
unfolded the letter.

"Mr. Hanged Man hopes that you and the Two of Cups can summon the
Armored Shadow again soon. He'll be responsible for providing the gold.

"Let me know when you've confirmed the time."