---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1913
index: 442
section: vol3
slug: 442
title: Opportunity to Act
---

## Chapter 442: Opportunity to Act

Seeing Franca appear before her as Paulina, Jenna couldn't help but
marvel at the wonders of the Lie accessory.

This transformation was countless times more potent than that of an
Actor of the Mother Tree of Desire pathway. It was the most mystical
disguise she had ever encountered.

Franca gazed at her reflection in the full-body mirror and stroked her
face gently. She chuckled and said, "I like this style too."

"What don't you like?" Lumian mocked.

"This is called having an eye for beauty!" Franca opened Paulina's
wardrobe and chose a pair of pajamas that could hide many items. She
entered the master bedroom's washroom and began changing.

Soon, "Madame Paulina" emerged. Jenna knew Franca well, but she
temporarily couldn't tell the authenticity.

After Franca entered Invisibility, Lumian administered some truth serum
to the unconscious Paulina.

He estimated the time and felt that it was about time. Then, he took out
the Mysticism Smelling Salts and brought them to Paulina's nose.

Amidst the sneezes, Lumian capped the bottle and retreated into a
crevice beside the wardrobe, preventing Paulina, who had regained
consciousness, from seeing him.

Jenna retrieved a small revolver from her dark brown belt, squatted
down, and pressed it against Paulina's forehead, ready to pull the
trigger.

Paulina snapped out of her daze and saw a face adorned with a
silvery-white half-mask.

The face was uncovered, and although the skin wasn't fair and had some
flaws, and the texture was concealed by cosmetics, the curves were quite
beautiful, making people of the same sex take a second look.

Immediately after, Paulina felt the coldness of the gun's barrel and saw
a revolver held to her head.

Her body tensed instinctively.

Jenna didn't give her a chance to express her doubts or pleas. She asked
bluntly,

"When will Bouvard Pont-Péro arrive?"

Paulina replied subconsciously, "In the next two days..."

Before she could finish, she suddenly shut her mouth, disbelief etched
on her face.

*W-why did I say what was on my mind?*

Jenna raised a second question based on her preparations.

"In the past two months, among the mysterious men who visited you under
the cover of night, who was Bouvard Pont-Péro? Or were all of them him?"

Paulina struggled for a few seconds before blurting out, "No, it's
Bouvard only once a week. The rest are just his attempts to confuse
others. Moreover, he changes his appearance every two or three times.
He---he has Transfiguration."

Jenna asked curiously, "Will the others Bouvard Pont-Péro send sleep
with you?"

Did they keep up the act to the very end, or did they only keep up
appearances for the latter half?

"No," Paulina replied, swallowing her saliva. "Bouvard possesses a
strong sense of possessiveness. Since I've already become his lover, he
won't allow me to have any more intercourse with other men. The people
he sends will only chat with me, have dinner with me, and wander around
the bedroom for a while before leaving."

*Very possessive...* Lumian's thoughts raced as he listened in
the shadows, recalling the mysticism knowledge he had obtained when he
became a Contractee.

Soon, he found a contracted creature that fit the criteria and its
corresponding abilities.

*Evil Shadow Black Beast, a spirit world creature that resides in the
shadows of creatures. The birth of its descendants requires the
stripping of a shadow as a carrier. Creatures that lose their shadows
will die on the spot...*

*By sacrificing a human's shadow, he could obtain the Shadow
Substitution ability from the Evil Shadow Black Beast, and his
possessiveness would significantly increase...*

*By controlling the target or subduing them in advance, he could
complete Shadow Substitution in battle and use someone else's shadow to
take damage on his behalf, avoiding dangerous attacks. Under such
circumstances, the distance between the main body and the target
couldn't exceed 20 meters...*

"I wonder how much those actors earn..." Jenna teased with a smile
before asking, "What Sequence Beyonder is Bouvard Pont-Péro equivalent
to. What contractual abilities does he possess?"

Paulina pursed her lips, unwilling to answer.

After a few seconds, she couldn't resist the urge to spill the beans.
She opened her mouth and said, "Bouvard is an Ascetic. He said that a
Fate Appropriator is the most important Sequence of the Inevitability
pathway before obtaining godhood. One needs to make significant
contributions to obtain the corresponding boon. He's still far from
that.

"He once mentioned that Ascetic can have six contractual abilities, but
I don't know if that refers to ordinary circumstances or special
circumstances."

Leaning against the wardrobe, Lumian couldn't help but chuckle inwardly.

*Temiboros, are you aware of this?*

He didn't ask because he knew Termiboros wouldn't answer such a
question.

Paulina continued, "He didn't display all his abilities in front of me.
He always wore pajamas and didn't expose his upper body during sex.

"I've seen him emerge from the shadows and know he has three imps. He
even suggested I choose the Danger Premonition ability, believing it to
be useful."

*Shadow Burial, Tamed Imps, Danger Premonition, Shadow Substitution,
Transfiguration... That's a total of five contracted abilities... If
Bouvard Pont-Péro is nothing special, there should be only one unknown
contracted ability. Even if he's stronger than ordinary Ascetics,
there's a high chance that his total abilities won't exceed
eight...* Lumian quickly formed a clearer understanding.

The price of Shadow Burial was having normal dreams. The downside was
becoming more extreme and paranoid. The price of Tamed Imps was three
infant corpses that had died before they were born. The downside was
that he had to use his life force to feed the imps, and there was a risk
of backlash. The specific method was to grow sarcomas that looked like
breastfeeding. Danger Premonition involved sacrificing fertility and
become mentally weak...

*Contractee abilities are truly peculiar...* Ever since becoming
a Witch and becoming deeply involved in the Sinners organization, Jenna
had learned about Contractee, Alms Monk, Ascetic, and other
Inevitability Sequences. She now knew why Lumian possessed Spell of
Harrumph, Spirit World Traversal, and other abilities.

She thought for a moment and asked, "Apart from contractual abilities,
does Bouvard Pont-Péro possess any mystical items, Beyonder weapons, or
other items?"

Paulina shuddered inexplicably.

"H-he has two pockets that I can't touch. He always chooses the kind of
pajamas with pockets or pants pockets."

*Carries some items... I wonder what powers they possess... But at least
we won't end up empty-handed...* Lumian allowed his thoughts to
wander.

Jenna followed the predetermined rhythm of their conversation and
inquired about Paulina's performances in front of Bouvard Pont-Péro, her
interactions with the butler and servants in the building, her
abilities, and her assets.

It wasn't until Lumian tossed the sedative from the Bliss Society that
Jenna stopped asking and caught it with her freed left hand.

Then, Paulina fainted again.

"She possesses Regeneration, much like a Vampire's self-healing ability.
The sedative's effects will likely be diminished and won't endure for
long," Jenna inquired. "Why didn't you simply eliminate her?"

Lumian cast a glance at the new Witch and let out a chuckle.

"You're quite the ruthless one, aren't you?"

Jenna pursed her lips and stated, "Showing kindness to heretics only
harms innocent citizens."

"Exactly!" Franca, disguised as Paulina, deactivated her Invisibility
and concurred.

The more she observed Witch Jenna, the more she found herself liking
her. Despite Jenna deliberately donning unattractive makeup and a
half-mask, Franca had a discerning eye for beauty.

Lumian scoffed and said, "Haven't you heard that Bouvard Pont-Péro seems
to possess Danger Premonition? Even though you can counter divination,
if Paulina were to die now and her boon's power returns to its source,
do you think Bouvard won't receive a warning from fate?

"Anthony still has time to enter. He won't engage in direct combat, but
he'll serve a purpose in my scheme."

Lumian not only aimed to capture Bouvard Pont-Péro but also intended to
act as a Conspirer in this endeavor.

"I understand," Franca said with widened eyes. "I just adhere to the
notion of being ruthless toward heretics."

As she spoke, she removed the Lie silver pendant from her chest and
tossed it to Jenna. Lumian instructed Anthony Reid to infiltrate the
building via the outer wall of the master bedroom.

___

As the drizzle descended into night, the gas street lamps on both sides
of the street emitted a hazy glow.

At 20 Rue de la Terrasse, a man in a silk top hat, black suit, and dark
bow tie rang the doorbell.

He had an ordinary appearance, short, thick eyebrows, and deep blue
eyes. He wouldn't attract anyone's attention when he walked along the
bustling arcade.

The butler of the house opened the door. He glanced at the visitor and
discreetly gestured.

The man formed a circle with his hands and asked, "Where's Paulina?"

"Madame awaits you in the bedroom," the butler replied respectfully.

The man nodded and made his way through the living room and up the
stairs, arriving outside the master bedroom.

Without knocking, he turned the handle and entered.

In the spacious and warm master bedroom, the wall lamps had all been
extinguished. The candlelight flickered dimly, casting a soft, rosy glow
that quickened one's pulse.

The man's eyes fixed on Paulina, reclining on the bed, and a grin crept
across his face.

"Why does it feel even more enticing than before?"

"Something special just for you," Paulina whispered.

The man stared at the alluring contours, his pulse racing. He chuckled
and said,

"Why do I find you more captivating than ever?"

"I dressed up just for you." Paulina, in her two-piece pajamas, seemed
bashful, her cheeks flushed as she closed her eyes.

The man swallowed hard, his mind on high alert, though his body couldn't
resist taking a step forward.