---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1920
index: 449
section: vol3
slug: 449
title: Tracking Clues
---

## Chapter 449: Tracking Clues

*A child of the Goddess...* Franca jumped in fright, almost
causing the double-barreled shotgun, which wasn't aimed at the target,
to discharge accidentally.

She glanced at Browns and sought confirmation, "A child of the
Primordial One?"

Even though her assessment period wasn't yet over, she had already
passed the audit and was now considered an associate member of the
Demoness Sect. She knew that this secret organization worshiped the
deity known as the Primordial Demoness, often referring to Her as the
"Primordial One."

Browns nodded slowly and replied, "As far as I know."

The Primordial Demoness had once given birth? Franca couldn't hide her
curiosity and asked, "Who is Krismona's father?"

"I don't know," Browns cautioned Franca. "That's not something we should
be privy to."

*This is a scandal at the deity level...* Franca thought to
herself and shifted the conversation to her primary reason for coming to
Trocadéro today.

"Has Beatrice Incourt returned from the Feysac Empire? Do you know where
she is residing?"

"Why do you ask?" Browns inquired warily.

In her eyes, Franca Roland and her lovers were powerful and dangerous
Beyonders. Only Jenna, who lived with her, seemed relatively ordinary.

Franca chuckled.

"Yesterday, I helped Ciel exact revenge and apprehended a heretic who
believed in Inevitability. From him, I learned that many of Trier's
bestowed individuals have disappeared to some mysterious and strange
place."

"Based on the information he provided, we suspect that the 'hostel'
mentioned in the note about Beatrice is the destination for these
bestowed of evil gods. We want to confirm with Theresa whether the note
is intended for her or Beatrice."

Browns felt uncomfortable hearing Franca mention heretics and the
bestowed of evil gods.

In the world of mysticism, the Primordial Demoness had always been
considered an evil goddess.

Of course, their sect, followers of the Primordial Ones, believed they
were devoted to an ostracized true god, an existence shrouded in
secrecy.

After Franca finished speaking, Browns replied, "There's no need for you
to seek out the art dealer. When we discovered that the Bliss Society's
high priest and another key member had vanished, we patiently waited for
Theresa's return based on the contents of the note.

"She told us that she doesn't know what the 'hostel' is, and she hasn't
purchased any artwork from any painter staying at a motel.

"We've verified the authenticity."

Franca felt a growing frustration and said, "It's really a message meant
for Beatrice. Judging from the note, Beatrice knows the location of the
'hostel.' Otherwise, she wouldn't have the ability to retrieve the
painting within three days.

"If only we had found the note first and performed the spirit channeling
afterward..."

A realization struck Franca, and she sensed that fate was playing a
cruel game in this matter.

It seemed like fate was conspiring to keep information about the
"hostel" hidden.

*Is Inevitability's power at play, or is it the evil god pathway that
Ciel previously mentioned, using death to escape its original fate? Is
information about the "hostel" destined not to be leaked?
*Franca's thoughts raced as she felt an increasingly abnormal
aura surrounding the situation.

Seizing a rare opportunity, Browns immediately struck Franca down.

"Aren't you guys quite experienced? You conducted spirit channeling
without thoroughly examining the corpse. The hour after death is prime
time. There's no need to rush."

Franca considered explaining that fate might be at play, but she decided
against it.

Why should she warn Browns and give her a lesson?

It was better to keep her in the dark, potentially for future
exploitation!

Franca looked at Browns and clicked her tongue, saying, "You're quite
the talker..."

Before she could finish her sentence, she extended her right hand with a
smile and gently grasped the other party's chin.

"I don't mind skipping your orgies, but I'd like to undergo your
'assessment.'

"Are you up for it?"

Browns instinctively pushed Franca's right hand away, taking a step back
and saying, "If you acted like a regular woman, I might consider
assessing you, but right now..."

Her implication was that Franca's current demeanor resembled a
libertine, a playboy who embraced Dandyism.

"You're a tough one," Franca scoffed, her words, though unusual,
comprehensible to Browns.

She picked up her double-barreled shotgun and strolled into the forest
without further conversation with Browns.

___

On Avenue du Boulevard, 19 Rue Scheer, at the base of the luxurious
beige house,

in the basement, Lumian once again met Mr. K, who was cloaked in a black
robe and a wide hood.

He had already reported the unusual silence of the cults to his
superior, and Mr. K had verified this information after an investigative
period.

Today, Lumian's focus was on Bouvard's corpse's prophecy, his own
thoughts, and the Sinners' situation.

He relayed the information he received from Madam Magician as Bouvard's
confession, including having seen a painting with strange powers from
Voisin Sanson.

Finally, Lumian presented the Mystery Prying Glasses.

"Mr. K, has this mystical item also been affected by the Hostel
pathway's influence?"

Mr. K stood before a red armchair and spoke in a low, raspy voice, "Wait
a moment."

With a soft clap of his hands, he summoned an attendant into the room
and whispered something to him.

As Mr. K waited for the attendant to return, the entire basement fell
into an eerie silence due to Mr. K's silence.

Lumian felt somewhat awkward in this silence and thought to himself,
*Say something. Even sharing your faith would suffice. You can't just
leave me standing here like a fool...*

Of course, Lumian was well aware that Mr. K's silence was intentional,
and he was likely communing with a deity or uncovering hidden
information.

Before long, the attendant returned, holding an oil painting about half
a meter in height and nearly 70 centimeters in width.

The painting depicted a dark forest, accentuating the turquoise grass
illuminated by the sun.

Upon closer inspection, there was a white area on the grass that
appeared to have been scratched, resembling a figure.

Mr. K finally spoke.

"It was discovered with the Mystery Prying Glasses. Apart from the
mysterious and chaotic oil painting that can affect one's mind, there
was also this artwork hanging on the wall.

"It was originally meant to be a portrait, but when we saw it, the
person had disappeared from it. Only the scenery remained."

*Walked out of the painting?* Lumian felt a sense of alarm as he
recalled Madam Magician's example.

He chose not to share this information with Mr. K, considering Bouvard
didn't seem to be well-informed.

"Did something abnormal occur that caused the portrait to vanish?"
Lumian inquired.

Mr. K's hooded head nodded slowly.

"Perhaps it returned to life and left the painting.

"It could be the source of that Beyonder's anomaly."

*The Aurora Order appears to be quite knowledgeable...* Lumian
remarked sincerely, "A strange power, a horrifying phenomenon."

Mr. K added in his raspy voice, "We investigated fairly famous painters
in Trier and found that, aside from a few who had completely lost their
minds or even died long ago, most seemed relatively normal. However,
there were instances of abusing psychotropic substances and
alcohol-based drinks.

"Based on other information we acquired, we can confirm that it's not
that painters easily become heretics of that pathway and gain
corresponding powers. Instead, the bestowed of that pathway gain the
ability to create art and naturally become painters. However, only a
small number of them specialize in painting. The rest blend into society
and create their own works without publicizing them."

"Is the Sequence name Painter?" Lumian asked thoughtfully.

This seemed to align with the power.

"God says yes," Mr. K replied devoutly and zealously.

Lumian immediately lowered his head.

"What else does the Lord instruct us?"

"God has revealed that foreign visitors stay at the Hostel." Mr. K
appeared satisfied with Lumian's attitude.

*Foreign visitors? Visitors from outside the barrier? *Lumian's
senses heightened as he became increasingly focused.

However, Mr. K didn't share further revelations. It appeared that this
was all the divine guidance he had received.

Mr. K's raspy voice carried a hint of seriousness.

"Our most crucial task now is to locate the Hostel."

Without waiting for Lumian's response, he took two steps forward and
continued, "The number of evil god incidents we handle pales in
comparison to those holding official positions. Perhaps they have more
information.

"It's inconvenient for me to directly intervene in this matter, but you
can attempt to gather information from them through other means."

*The Aurora Order seeks collaboration with the authorities, not
necessarily to prevent the catastrophe but to thwart the ambitions of
these evil gods. For this purpose, they are willing to humble themselves
and cooperate with the authorities...* Lumian silently mused and
solemnly agreed.

*†*

On the roof of Apartment 17 on Rue Doyle in the market district, Jenna,
disguised to conceal her allure, met with Imre and Valentine.

She cast a glance at the verdant trees lining the street below and
began, "I've got important information."

Valentine's expression turned serious.

"What information?"

He had been worried that the Assassin might inquire about the primary
ingredient in the Witch potion, but now his attention was fully on work.

Jenna spoke truthfully, "I've received news that some individuals
suspected of being followers of evil gods have gone to a place known as
the Hostel."

She didn't mention the eerie silence of the evil god's followers. With
the help of 007, this had become a consensus among Trier's official
Beyonders. Jenna had already been given hints regarding what to focus
on.

"Hostel..." Imre, who hailed from the Southern Continent, furrowed his
brow slightly.

*Such a reaction...* Jenna keenly sensed their reaction and
posed a question, "Do you know what Hostel means?"

Imre and Valentine exchanged troubled glances.

They didn't want Celia Bello to be fully informed, but if they kept her
completely in the dark, she wouldn't be able to assist in gathering the
necessary clues. She needed some information to know what they wanted
her to pay attention to.

After a brief pause, Imre carefully composed his words and said, "One of
our colleagues once heard the term Hostel from a peculiar creature."