---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1921
index: 450
section: vol3
slug: 450
title: Infiltrating Openly
---

## Chapter 450: Infiltrating Openly

*They really know about the Hostel...* Jenna couldn't hide her
curiosity and concern.

"What kind of peculiar creature was it? What did it say?"

Imre glanced at Valentine before responding, "Under normal
circumstances, it's an invisible creature. You can only confirm its
existence through some traces and see if it's lingering around you."

Valentine explained eagerly, "From what I understand, it exists
somewhere between the spirit world and reality. It's untouchable and
difficult to detect with Spirit Vision. It's in a very peculiar state."

"I don't think that's all. According to the dossier, there are a few
conceptual and abstract aspects about it. In short, you can only
perceive it or sense its form through its reactions---if it's
willing---or when it attacks you," Imre corrected Valentine.

*Th-this is very similar to Bouvard's condition after his corpse was
corrupted... However, Bouvard's corpse wasn't that formidable. As long
as the environment is dark enough, it can be seen. Yes, according to
Ciel, other than Beyonders of a few pathways who have reached a certain
Sequence, it's indeed impossible to touch it directly and deal with
it...* Jenna made a connection and increasingly believed that
the Hostel Valentine and company knew was equivalent to the one they
knew, unless there were more than one of the same nature.

Imre, who had a habit of wearing skin-colored tape across the bridge of
his nose, paused for a moment before continuing,

"If that peculiar creature hadn't attacked our colleague, it wouldn't
have been discovered.

"We obtained several pieces of information from it. One of them
mentioned the Hostel."

"What did it say?" Jenna played along.

Perhaps this contained the future direction of their investigation!

Valentine furrowed his brow.

"It only said that it comes from the Hostel---their home in this world."

Jenna didn't use her Instigation ability, but it was akin to
instigation. "Is there any other information? Otherwise, I wouldn't know
how to help you gather information and who to watch out for."

Imre hesitated for a few seconds.

"The rest of what it said isn't suitable for you to know.

"Yes, it calls itself a Pixie."

*Pixue... An untouchable pixie...* The corresponding Sequence
name of the boon's pathway? Jenna nodded thoughtfully.

After a brief silence, Valentine said, "Our colleague encountered this
peculiar creature in an artist's studio.

"As for the painter, he was once treated for mental illness. He always
claimed to travel with his Spirit Body every night and enter a strange
space that's neither in reality nor in the spirit world. He fought
invisible creatures, strange souls, and evil spirits that attempted to
invade reality through that space to protect the peace of the entire
street.

"Such claims led to him being sent to the asylum for treatment for a
period of time. Subsequently, he was under prolonged medication. Our
colleagues confirmed that what he said might be true."

"It sounds like he's corrupted by an evil god... But why would he wander
about as a Spirit Body and guard the street?" Jenna didn't mention the
term bestowed.

Imre smiled disinterestedly and replied, "The power of an evil god isn't
necessarily evil, but They often bring catastrophe or cause illusions
and changes in the recipient's personality. Can you accept that you're
no longer yourself?"

Jenna wanted to habitually respond using silence, but she remembered
that there were two Purifiers opposite her, so she slowly shook her
head.

Valentine's tone remained anxious.

"We're telling you this because we want you to pay more attention to
painters, novelists, or those who have private hobbies of painting,
reading, and telling stories. If you discover anyone's abnormal behavior
and language, report it to us immediately."

"By the way, some painters' works also possess a certain amount of
supernatural power. That's also one of the clues," Imre added.

Jenna nodded solemnly. "No problem."

___

Lumian, who had gathered a wealth of information from various sources,
realized that although he and the others had a basic understanding of
the Hostel pathway, they lacked substantial progress in their
investigation. They still didn't know the location of the Hostel or the
heretics' plans.

He had no choice but to turn his attention to General Philip's widow and
the charity organization known as the Dreamseekers.

Late at night, at 9 Rue Lviv, Quartier 3, also known as the
administrative district.

It was a three-story beige building surrounded by a garden, lawn,
stables, a fountain, and statues.

"I was hoping to find an opportunity to ask for your help. I could use
the ritualistic dog skin to infiltrate this place and search," Anthony
Reid, with his buzz cut, said, glancing at Lumian beside him.

Lumian let out a chuckle.

"Official Beyonders can't afford to worry about such trivial matters in
the current situation."

As he spoke, he crossed the street towards the beige building with
sculpted outer walls.

The two of them circled to the side of the garden and watched as the two
valets passed by together and turned to the front.

Lumian leaped up, pressing his hand against the white-painted iron
fence. He stretched his body and leaped over, landing silently.

Anthony Reid was a seasoned veteran who had been forged by the crucible
of the battlefield and maintained a habit of exercising. Although
Sequence 9 to 7 of the Spectator pathway didn't significantly enhance
his combat techniques, nor did his physique improve significantly, it
didn't prevent him from easily vaulting the fence and entering the
garden.

Lumian didn't bother concealing himself. Holding a top hat, he left the
garden with one hand in his pocket and approached the main building.

Occasionally, he paused, avoiding the gazes from inside the building's
windows and the maid who was eager to return to her room.

Before long, they arrived at the side door.

The wolf-shaped dog guarding the area had already fallen asleep.

Anthony Reid guessed that it was the doing of the two Demonesses who had
long concealed themselves and whose whereabouts were currently unknown.
However, he felt that if that was the case, why act as if they were
infiltrating?

Lumian seemed to sense the Psychiatrist's thoughts and smiled.

"The sedative we obtained from the Bliss Society is very effective. We
have to use it sparingly."

Furthermore, the Demoness Sect had already purged the Bliss Society
once, leaving only two key members and Maipú Meyer, who was currently
hiding in the market district. For the time being, no one was available
to provide Lumian, Franca, and the others with supplies. Of course, the
Demoness Sect had definitely gained a lot. After Franca passed the
assessment, she should have a chance to obtain something from them.

Lumian walked past the unconscious dog, retrieved a wire, and expertly
opened the side door of the building.

At that moment, almost all the lights in the house had been
extinguished, and the corridor was shrouded in darkness.

With one hand in his pocket and the other clutching his top hat, Lumian
made his way upstairs to the master bedroom, openly treating it as
though it was his own home.

*Last time, he hid behind the scenes and instructed his partners to set
traps. This time, he's using himself as bait to lure out potential
problems? Different choices and different acting methods for a
Conspirer?* Anthony Reid followed Lumian from behind,
enlightened.

Lumian reached the third-floor master bedroom. Along the way, he took a
detour and climbed up from the second-floor balcony, avoiding the
bodyguard at the staircase.

Gazing at the vermilion door, he chuckled and said, "After General
Philip passed away, didn't his widow receive the protection of
Beyonders?

"The bodyguards they hire with their own money can only scare off
ordinary thieves and bandits."

"There are Beyonders, but Beyonders working as bodyguards not only
charge a high price, but they also have an attitude. They typically
don't do night duty," Anthony Reid recounted his observations during
this period. "Let's pay attention to our volume later."

"At a time like this, the benefits of being a Sleepless will be
revealed," Lumian responded in a deep voice as he used the wire to open
the master bedroom's door.

Sleepless was a Sequence 9 of the Evernight pathway, renowned for not
needing much sleep while staying vigorous.

Anthony Reid followed Lumian into the room and closed the wooden door
behind him.

Then, Lumian donned a black top hat and lit the gas wall lamp on the
wall.

In the yellowish light, they saw a woman wrapped in a silk blanket lying
on the bed.

The woman stirred slowly, her wavy black hair framing a face that had
seen four decades of life. Though traces of age marked her features, her
skin remained remarkably smooth.

Her amber eyes gradually blinked open, revealing a faint yellowish glow.
They fixed on Lumian's transformed face, courtesy of the Niese Face, and
the black top hat.

Just as she prepared to speak, a cold muzzle pressed against her crimson
lips.

"Relax. We're here for a small fortune and a few answers. If you
cooperate, you won't get hurt," Lumian assured her with a smile.

Despite having her house broken into in the dead of night and held at
gunpoint, General Philip's widow, Annis, didn't dare to resist. She
nodded quickly, signifying her willingness to comply.

"Look me in the eye. I want to be sure you're telling the truth."
Anthony Reid lit a cigarette and brought it to his lips.

Annis subconsciously met the gaze of the intruder, doing her best to
convey her sincerity through her eyes.

She couldn't help but notice the robber's unusually clear, dark brown
eyes, as if they held the key to his soul. The cigarette between his
lips burned with a fiery red glow.

The red dot flickered...

After a while, Anthony Reid, who had used his actions, words, and
demeanor to lull Annis into a semi-hypnotic state, delved into the
depths of her Body of Heart and Mind.

"Why did you donate so much of your wealth to the Dreamseekers charity
organization?"

Annis's Body of Heart and Mind replied without reservation, "It was in
Philip's will. If I didn't donate two-thirds of my assets to that
charity, my child and I wouldn't inherit the remaining third."

There is something suspicious about the Dreamseekers, and perhaps even
General Philip too... Lumian found it difficult to believe the general
to be that generous.

Noting that Annis continued her life without any disruptions and seemed
oblivious to any potential issues with General Philip, Anthony Reid
changed his line of questioning.

"Was Philip still a devoted follower of the Eternal Blazing Sun?"

The Psychiatrist believed that the general's daily routines in a
marriage were hard to hide from Annis, even when other problems remained
concealed.

Annis's eyes grew distant as she replied, "He hadn't prayed fervently in
a long time, and his praises were quite perfunctory.

"I overheard him whisper in the corridor once, 'Goddess bless.'"