---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1924
index: 453
section: vol3
slug: 453
title: Missing Author
---

## Chapter 453: Missing Author

Lumian carefully positioned the Mystery Prying Glasses on the bridge of
his nose, and immediately, the room seemed to whirl, and the ground
beneath him trembled.

Suppressing his nausea and dizziness, he observed the scene before him
fragment and overlap, creating a surreal and captivating tableau.

The bed pressed against the desk, which seemed to lean against the
ceiling. Behind the ceiling appeared to be a tap, as if it were
installed within a wardrobe. These scenes were like translucent canvases
superimposed on each other, reflecting themselves in Lumian's vision.

A pale-white face materialized beside the wardrobe.

The face had disheveled brown hair, naturally parted. Dark-brown eyes
glistened beneath black-framed glasses. It was Gabriel, looking cleaned
up and as though he hadn't burned the midnight oil in a while.

The playwright gazed at Lumian with a vacant, distorted, yet strangely
genuine smile.

His right hand reached out from the void, waving gently before his face
shrank into the depths of the translucent layers, vanishing completely.

Lumian quickly surveyed the room, but Gabriel hadn't reappeared. He
promptly removed the Mystery Prying Glasses, replacing them with the Eye
of Truth on his left side.

This mystical item, composed of pale-white flesh and dark blood vessels,
covered the corresponding ear, allowing Lumian to hear rapid voices from
the distant horizon. The intertwined purple blood vessels formed a lens
that adhered to his eye, revealing faint blood, layers of colors, and
the room with a third of it blending into the surroundings. An invisible
curtain resembling mullioned glass was also discernible.

The latter two phenomena rapidly dissipated or gradually returned to
normal.

Before the whispers could become more distinct, Lumian removed the Eye
of Truth and massaged his throbbing forehead.

Based on the combined information from both mystical items, he deduced
that Gabriel had been corrupted by Hostel, becoming a presence that
couldn't be perceived or touched in the conventional sense.

However, the playwright retained a certain degree of rationality. He
recognized Lumian and even happily bid him farewell.

Returning the white porcelain cup with a single handle to its original
position seemed to serve as a greeting, an attempt to capture Lumian's
attention.

Lumian frowned slightly. *Why does Gabriel seem to accept his
transformation into a monster and was even pleased. When had he come
into contact with Hostel?*

His gaze shifted to the manuscript on the desk. The story in the
unfinished script felt eerily familiar.

Lumian picked up the manuscript and read it meticulously, at a slower
pace than before.

After perusing the first section, he confirmed that the protagonist of
the script was Gabriel himself. The character's personality, the details
of his life, the cold treatment he endured, and the demand to produce
vulgar works all aligned seamlessly.

Regarding the female lead, who immersed herself in the underworld and
persistently encouraged the male lead's creations, Lumian couldn't help
but feel that if it weren't for the difference in gender, he could be
the one with such a background.

However, the female lead's personality, her way of speaking, and her
encouraging words were entirely distinct from his own. Even in the
scenes involving the mobs, Lumian could discern traces of Charlie.

*In essence, the female lead's identity, background, and experiences in
the mob appeared to be a blend of Charlie's and my situation. It was
however someone else who interacted with the male lead. Gabriel had
previously mentioned that only me and the human model Séraphine
encouraged him at Auberge du Coq Doré. Charlie merely drank with him
without mocking him or teasing him. A human model... that's right! The
human model for a painter. Séraphine spent a night with Gabriel before
moving out. *Lumian rapidly connected the dots, sensing that the
root of the problem might lie with Séraphine, the human model!

This woman had once accompanied a painter to a small seaside town as a
model. After an extended absence, she returned to Auberge du Coq Doré.

Painter!

Could Gabriel have been corrupted on that night when Séraphine returned?
Was it possible that Séraphine had moved to the Hostel? Lumian
meticulously perused the script, leaving no word unread.

Since this was a story born from Gabriel's own experiences, it
undoubtedly contained numerous factual details and genuine
emotions---invaluable clues!

As Lumian continued to read the script, bathed in the sunlight filtering
through the oriel window, he sensed the concealed love that resided
within Gabriel's heart. He could feel the ache of remorse, reluctance,
and the yearning for a relationship that Gabriel believed he could
easily discard when he moved to a better neighborhood to start anew. In
the end, he found himself unable to forget it.

The protagonist, increasingly aware of his heart's true desires and
feelings, ceased to evade them and actively embarked on a quest to
uncover traces of his beloved.

He sought out people who were acquainted with her, visited motels and
hotels that occasionally haunted his dreams, and explored galleries in
search of new artworks based on his lover...

Yet, his endeavors proved futile, leading him to compose the inner
monologue.

*It ended here abruptly... I can't tell if he found
Séraphine...* Lumian placed the manuscript down in
disappointment and decided to check the drawer for any drafts, outlines,
or notebooks that might contain further information or inspiration.

Regrettably, the contents of the drawer only covered the first half of
the script. By the time Gabriel had reached the second half, he appeared
to have delved deeply into his emotions and penned his inner monologue
in a single burst.

Lumian looked at the papers before him, pondering the situation.

*From the script and the other items in the room, it's apparent Gabriel
hadn't managed to locate Séraphine...*

*In other words, he hadn't actually come into contact with the
Hostel...*

*Furthermore, neither the script nor Rabe's description suggests that
Gabriel exhibited any signs of corruption or boons until he ceased
writing. While he was undoubtedly suffering from the loss of his lover,
this was a typical emotional response...*

*So, why had this person suddenly transformed into an untouchable,
unseen monster?*

*Just knowing about the Hostel shouldn't lead to such a
situation...*

*Apart from me being special, Franca and Jenna know about the Hostel.
Anthony Reid, Theresa, the Demoness Sect member in Trier, Mr. K of the
Aurora Order, and a large number of Purifiers of the Eternal Blazing Sun
Church all know about it. There are ordinary people and Beyonders among
them, but none of them are in trouble...*

*Beatrice of the Bliss Society knows the location of the Hostel and aims
to retrieve a painting, which was the reason Franca and I made a
mistake. Bouvard of the Sinners prophesied a catastrophe associated with
the Hostel, leading to his corruption into a peculiar corpse. The
Dreamseekers charity organization likely sponsored heretics connected to
the Hostel, such as painters and authors, and they were destroyed at the
slightest hint of exposure.*

*What was the reason for Gabriel?*

*Could he have recently encountered something that deepened his
understanding of the Hostel, or perhaps he had found traces of
Séraphine?*

Lumian made a preliminary guess and conducted a thorough search of
Gabriel's rented apartment with a clear objective in mind.

Nothing.

He then left 34 Rue Saint-Michel and made his way back to the Third-Rate
Author bar, where he seated himself next to Rabe, who was engrossed in
his drink.

"A glass of La Fée Verte," Lumian ordered as he tapped the bar counter.

Then, he turned to Rabe and inquired, "Do you have any idea where
Gabriel has been over the past few days?"

Rabe pointed to a small round table near the window and replied, "You'll
have to ask them."

As an underprivileged author working as a ghostwriter without a pen
name, Rabe considered himself fortunate to know a rising star like
Gabriel and attend his private gatherings. He had to work regularly
every day to fulfill the missions assigned by his boss, preventing him
from participating in their activities.

Guided by Rabe, Lumian approached the small round table and was taken
aback upon seeing the four individuals seated there.

*Weren't these the same individuals who had discussed Painter Mullen's
art spoof art, "Café"?*

In response to Lumian's inquiry, the leader of the group responded with
a puzzled expression, "We last saw Gabriel two days ago. We all went to
the Trier Art Center together to attend an art exhibition."

*Art exhibition...* Lumian's eyebrows twitched.

___

Trocadéro Town.

Franca, dressed in a white jacket, followed Browns Sauron, who wore a
black coat, as they navigated through the manor adorned with grapevines.

With curiosity evident on her face, Franca, who had been invited,
couldn't help but ask, "Where are you taking me?"

Browns cast a brief glance in her direction.

"I'm taking you to meet my teacher. You've successfully passed the
assessment and are now an official member of our sect."

*Browns Sauron's teacher... A high-ranking Demoness? Could this person
be the leader of the Demoness Sect in Trier?* Franca's thoughts
raced as she smiled and inquired, "Does this mean I can enjoy the
membership perks?"

The term "perks" was coined by Emperor Roselle and had gained
recognition in Intis.

Browns maintained a bit of distance from Franca as she questioned, "What
would you like in exchange?"

Without hesitation, Franca responded, "The potion formula for
Affliction."

Affliction was the name of the Assassin pathway's Sequence 5, often
referred to as the Demoness of Affliction.

Browns let out a scoff.

"Quite bold to make such a request. Do you believe you have accrued
enough contribution points to ask for the potion formula for
Affliction?"

She paused for a moment before adding, "Of course, if you can assist the
sect in achieving something, this can be your perk."

Franca, who had initially held limited hope and was merely testing the
waters, glanced at Browns.

"And what's that something?"

Seizing the opportunity, Browns explained, "We've received information
that the Iron and Blood Cross Order discreetly smuggled an item into
Trier through an underground tunnel several months ago. If you can
uncover what it is and identify its possessor, you'll be entitled to the
Affliction potion formula."

*A few months ago... The underground tunnel... Secret delivery into
Trier...* Franca suddenly recalled "Rat" Christo's loss of his
biological brother.

In an effort to aid the Savoie Mob's smuggling leader in recovering his
brother and the transported goods, she and Lumian had been drawn into a
strange mirror world, where they narrowly escaped.

During their adventure, Franca had acquired a classic sterling silver
mirror.