---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1925
index: 454
section: vol3
slug: 454
title: Hidden Honorific Name
---

## Chapter 454: Hidden Honorific Name

Franca had long harbored the desire to uncover the nature of the item
that Gardner Martin had smuggled into Trier through "Rat" Christo.
However, in the months that had passed, Gardner Martin had acted as if
the incident had never occurred, and nothing of note had appeared around
him.

*From the looks of it, the Demoness Sect attaches significant importance
to that item... That's right. Given that this item had triggered the
strange mirror world, it is highly likely that it was linked to the
powers of the Assassin and Hunter pathways...* Franca took a
moment to consider and then admitted, "I know what you're referring
to..."

She explained to Browns Sauron in the same manner they had explained the
situation to "Rat" Christo in the past. In essence, she shared
everything except the fact that she and Lumian had been drawn into a
mirror world. Instead, they relied on Lumian's unique ability to escape
and how she obtained a classic silver mirror that led them to the mirror
world.

"According to the 'Rat,' his brother and many of his subordinates turned
into monsters, including the reversal of their left and right hands.
This attracted the Purifiers' attention and they were eliminated."
Franca deliberately elaborated, probing Browns Sauron gauge her reaction
to the appearance of the Mirror People.

Browns displayed a slight furrow of her brow.

"How did the official Beyonders become aware that something was amiss?"

*She seems to know about the Mirror People and their specific
traits...* Franca looked away and shook her head.

"For that question, you'd need to approach a Purifier, not me."

Without further discussion, Browns led Franca to a circular pavilion
enclosed by grapevines and various vines.

Seated in the circular pavilion was a woman donned in a black court
dress. Her bright dark gray eyes held a touch of sadness, and her neatly
tied black hair featured a few loose strands, which cascaded naturally
and added a hint of allure to her otherwise composed countenance.

Upon catching sight of the woman's slightly curved red lips, graceful
jawline, and soft facial features, Franca was initially struck by the
overwhelming beauty that met her gaze. However, her astonishment was
quickly overshadowed by an unexplainable sense of sympathy.

Although she was taken aback and touched by a sense of heartache, it
took nearly ten seconds for Franca to remember encountering this woman
before.

She had seen her during her and Lumian's surveillance of the fake
Theresa, Beatrice Incourt, at the concert. As the most beautiful woman
in attendance, she had been invited on stage to take a photograph with
the orchestra as a keepsake.

*Is she Browns's teacher, a high-ranking Demoness? It's no surprise;
having a high-ranking Demoness overseeing the operation and ensuring its
success...* Franca was momentarily surprised but soon realized
that this situation was in line with what she had anticipated.

What she hadn't expected was that this woman had openly followed them
and even participated in a photograph on stage.

Browns Sauron introduced her teacher, saying, "This is my teacher,
Demoness of Black Clarice."

*Demoness of Black... According to Madam Judgment, Demonesses with a
color in their title are considered exceptional even among the demigods
of the Demoness Sect. Some are even suspected of being Angels.*
Franca placed her hand over her chest and offered a slight bow. In a
polite and gentlemanly manner, she said, "It's a pleasure to make your
acquaintance, Your Excellency Demoness of Black."

Franca avoided complimenting the woman's appearance. She understood that
most Demonesses in the Demoness Sect took pride in their beauty while
simultaneously harboring inner conflict regarding it. Compliments from
outsiders were typically accepted with grace, potentially leading to
some embarrassment. However, if Franca, who knew their true gender, were
to offer such compliments, it might be perceived as provocation or
mockery.

Demoness of Black Clarice nodded slightly and said, "Every member needs
to believe in the Primordial One. You should have known about this more
than a month ago. It's time to officially pray to Her."

Franca was not surprised at all. Secret organizations that worshiped
evil deities typically required new members to open themselves to their
deity, thus gaining a measure of control and filtering out most
insecurities.

Lately, when visiting Browns, Franca had followed Madam Judgment's
instructions, conducting a preliminary ritual that sought the protection
of an angel from Mr. Fool.

"We are all the children of the Primordial One," Franca responded
devoutly and respectfully, adhering to Browns's guidance during this
period.

Clarice's expression grew solemn, and her eyes were filled with
admiration.

"Recite the honorific name of the Primordial One with me in Hermes.

"The source of all catastrophes, the symbol of destruction and the
apocalypse, the Demoness who controls Chaos..."

Although the Demoness of Black spoke in Intisian, the surroundings
darkened significantly. The grapevines writhed gently, as though
transforming into venomous snakes.

Franca remained composed and repeated the three-lined honorific name in
Hermes.

Suddenly, she saw grapevines extending towards her.

They grew thicker and thicker, completely enveloping the circular
pavilion.

One of the python-like vines extended toward Franca, and a dark-blue
vertical eye opened at its tip.

It reflected Franca's figure.

The figure rapidly distorted, transforming into a man with a bloodied
face.

The man had short flaxen-colored hair, slightly thick brown eyebrows,
and lake-blue eyes. His lips were thin, and his appearance was ordinary.

Franca was taken aback. This face was familiar to her.

It was the face she saw in the mirror every day before consuming the
Witch potion.

This was her past self, Franco Roland!

In the deep-blue vertical eye, Franco Roland's expression turned
ferocious. His eyes held a tangible hatred, and his face was filled with
a viciousness that could cause nightmares.

Franca's body stiffened, as if she had turned into a statue made of
rock.

After staring at her for a few seconds, the vine with the blue vertical
eye retracted into the canopy of grapevines, its eyes reflecting its
unhappiness.

Franca finally felt her body. She blinked and saw that everything around
the circular pavilion was normal. Sunlight pierced through the gaps
between the vines and shone here.

There were no python-like vines, nor were there any blue vertical eyes.
It was as if the bizarre and nightmarish encounter had never happened.
All of it appeared to be a fleeting, surreal vision.

She lowered her head and completed her prayer.

As Franca continued her rituals, she couldn't shake the eerie experience
from her mind. The connection between the Primordial Demoness and the
underground mirror world was undeniable.

She had encountered her past self, Franco Roland, in the mirror world as
well.

This time, it wasn't Franca reflected in the blue vertical eye either.
It was Franca's former appearance---Franco Roland!

*Demoness mirror magic and mysticism's mirror world seem to hold many
secrets. What Madam Judgment told me isn't everything...* With
this realization, Franca raised her head and opened her eyes to look at
the Demoness of Black Clarice and Browns Sauron beside her.

Clarice, with a black veiled hat on her head, nodded.

"Now, you're a child of the Primordial One."

"Thank you for your guidance." Franca smiled and inquired, "I thought
the honorific name for the Primordial One would include a description
akin to the Ruler of the Mirror World. I'm surprised it's not part of
it?"

The Demoness of Black, Clarice, replied in a cold, indifferent, yet
pitiful tone, "This isn't the complete honorific name of the Primordial
One. There are two more lines you can't know right now."

*The Primordial Demoness has two hidden lines for Her honorific
name?* Franca suddenly felt that this detail revealed something,
but she was uncertain about its significance.

Clarice continued, "Every new member receives a Primordial One figurine.
It possesses anti-divination and early warning abilities, and it can
assist you in performing rituals. You must pray to it every day."

While speaking, she produced a bone figurine, the palm-sized figurine
vaguely resembling a beautiful woman with hair that reached her ankles.
Each strand of hair was intricately carved with distinct, snake-like
eyes, some open and others tightly shut, densely packed and unsettling.

*Praying every day...* Franca hesitated, deciding to be
patronizing on this matter.

After Franca stowed away the Primordial Demoness figurine, Clarice's
brow furrowed imperceptibly.

"Keep a close watch on the Iron and Blood Cross Order, especially
Gardner Martin. If they make any unusual moves, contact Browns
immediately. If the situation becomes critical, retrieve the Primordial
One figurine, set up the altar, and perform the designated ritual. After
completion, place the prepared letter into the mirror on the altar."

*Keep a close watch... Unusual moves...* Franca extracted the
key points from the Demoness of Black's instructions.

She sensed an impending catastrophe and couldn't help but grow anxious.

*Does the Demoness Sect believe that the Iron and Blood Cross Order is
on the brink of launching a major operation?*

___

In Quartier 2, outside the Trier Arts Center, Lumian stood on the steps,
contemplating the authors' responses that flashed through his mind.

"Gabriel has been enjoying art exhibitions and galleries for the past
month or so."

"He doesn't pay much attention to each painting. It's as if he's
searching for the one his soul has been waiting for."

"There's nothing unusual about him."

"He didn't fixate on any other visitors at the exhibition."

"..."

The information revealed by these answers left Lumian puzzled about his
next steps. Nonetheless, he had decided to visit the Trier Art Center to
explore the art exhibition titled "Future Impressions."

It was scheduled to end in another two days.

Before arriving, Lumian had secured a hotel and a room for setting up a
ritual. He summoned a messenger and informed Madam Magician about
Gabriel's encounter and the direction of his investigation.

Initially, he had planned to relay the message from the bar's washroom,
but he recalled that the "doll" messenger had severe mysophobia and
obsessive-compulsive disorder. Consequently, he opted to spend a bit of
money to find a clean and suitable place.

As he gazed at the colorful art center with its sun-like roof, Lumian
took a slow breath and presented his ticket to enter the building.

"Future Impressions" wasn't a large art exhibition, occupying only three
exhibition halls. Lumian strolled through, admiring the artworks
displayed on the walls.

Suddenly, he spotted a familiar figure.