---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1928
index: 457
section: vol3
slug: 457
title: Unexpected Target
---

## Chapter 457: Unexpected Target

Auberge du Coq Doré, Room 207.

After briefing Madam Magician on the situation, Lumian left and went to
the second floor of Salle de Bal Brise.

His next objective was to ascertain whether the enigmatic entity that
had targeted him from afar, attempting to approach rapidly while he
observed Séraphine's oil painting with the Mystery Prying Glasses, would
pay him a visit during the night, much like how it had dealt with
Gabriel.

He lay on the bed, closed his eyes, and gradually drifted off to sleep.

Lumian had full confidence in Madam Magician. As a Major Arcana card
holder in the Tarot Club, she appeared to possess the ability to launch
long-range attacks and was skilled at dealing with untouchable and
enigmatic creatures.

As his thoughts blurred and he succumbed to slumber, Lumian found
himself in a hazy dream, returning to Auberge du Coq Doré. Dim light
filtered through the glass windows on each floor of the slightly tilted
building. Gabriel, attired in a white shirt, dark jacket, black pants,
and strapless leather shoes, sat on the entrance steps.

The playwright's visage was somewhat translucent, and an air of
detachment lingered in his eyes.

Upon spotting Lumian, Gabriel stood up abruptly, a conspicuous smile
crossing his face.

Lumian halted warily and looked at him.

"What are you doing here?"

Gabriel's smile waned as he spoke urgently,

"Leave Trier immediately! This place is about to become extremely
dangerous!"

Lumian frowned and inquired, "What have you discovered?"

Gabriel cast a wary gaze around before responding, "I'm not entirely
sure what they're planning, but I do know it will bring destruction to
all of Trier."

*They...* Lumian pressed for more information. "Are you staying
at the Hostel? Where is it?"

A hint of confusion appeared on Gabriel's face.

"You need to be like me to enter or gain the approval of the pixies.

"I didn't know how to find it. I found myself at the door as soon as I
arrived."

*As expected, the Hostel is closely related to the Pixies... Did Gabriel
rely on the corruption to alter his existence and reach the Hostel like
teleportation?* Lumian's thoughts raced as he asked in a deep
voice, "Why did you choose to go to the Hostel? Were you coerced into
it?"

"No," Gabriel shook his head, his voice softening. "I did it of my own
accord. Séraphine came to fetch me personally, and I couldn't refuse.
It's what I wanted."

A touch of happiness crossed his face.

*It was Séraphine who corrupted Gabriel and led him to the
Hostel...* Lumian suddenly felt a pang of sorrow.

"Have you realized that you've become a monster?"

Gabriel fell silent for a few seconds before responding, "I know, but I
won't harm anyone!

He paused a beat before continuing, "My script has already achieved
success. I have the reputation and income I desired most. I have no
regrets in that regard. All I want now is to be with Séraphine, whether
she's human or a monster."

Lumian didn't scold or berate him. Instead, he looked at Gabriel and let
out a long sigh. "I understand your feelings and thoughts."

Gabriel's face showed gratitude, and he spoke sincerely, "After becoming
a monster, I seem to have the ability to see a certain future. That's
why I knew you would come to me. I asked Séraphine to let me stay in the
room for two more days to bid you farewell. She agreed. She's not a pure
monster!"

Lumian's heart stirred, and he spoke in a bewitching tone, "Do you want
me to rescue you and Séraphine from the Hostel?"

"Is it possible?" Gabriel's face contorted, and his eyes revealed a
mixture of yearning, as if his body and mind existed in different
worlds.

Lumian took a step closer and spoke earnestly, "There is hope, but I
need you to tell me all the details."

Gabriel's expression shifted between blankness, coldness, excitement,
longing, and rejection, each emotion expressed vividly.

In that moment, he extended his hand, his eyes filled with intense fear.

Silently, Gabriel's form shattered, and the image of Auberge du Coq Doré
disintegrated, along with the faint mist.

Lumian's eyes snapped open, and he found himself gazing at the ceiling
of the second-floor bedroom in Salle de Bal Brise.

It had all been a dream, but it had felt incredibly real.

___

Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative.

Franca, carrying the Primordial Demoness's figurine, followed the
black-cloaked man while remaining invisible.

The man appeared to have extensive experience and skill in evading
pursuit. He frequently changed direction and even doubled back on his
path.

If Franca hadn't relied on her invisibility and the assistance of the
Primordial Demoness figurine, she would have lost him several times.

Finally, the black-cloaked man came to a stop in front of an entrance to
Underground Trier.

He half-turned and examined his palms under the crimson moonlight,
leaving Franca perplexed.

*What's going on? Is he performing palm-reading on himself?*
Remaining hidden behind a gas street lamp pole, the invisible Franca
observed his actions with curiosity.

After a moment, the man descended the steel staircase and disappeared
into the dim entrance.

Franca followed closely behind, venturing deeper into Underground Trier.

Twenty minutes later, the black-cloaked man reached a sealed tunnel.

It was unclear what he touched, but a stone door immediately swung open
on the rock wall next to him.

Franca, standing a few meters away, looked over and saw three lamps
embedded in the stone wall.

Three classic oil lamps, one high and two below, each with a flame
burning inside.

Franca had been in Trier for a long time and had a good understanding of
the situation here. This scene triggered a connection in Franca's mind.

*Carbonari!*

She recognized this as one of the symbols of the Carbonari, an
organization seeking to overthrow the government. Lighting three lamps
was symbolic in their ranks---the one above represented the sun, while
the other two below symbolized the moon and the stars.

*The Iron and Blood Cross Order collaborates with the
Carbonari?* Franca was both surprised and unsurprised.

From her perspective, the Iron and Blood Cross Order aimed to seize
power in Intis itself by toppling the government, but their current
focus seemed to be on the underground and the entrance to Fourth Epoch
Trier.

The black-cloaked man swiftly passed through the self-opening stone
door, and Franca noticed a thin, ever-changing white fog emanating from
inside.

*This fog looks familiar. There must be something wrong...*
Franca hesitated to follow when she felt a slight tremor in her hidden
pocket.

Franca reached out and touched it, her expression changing slightly.

The classic silver mirror had trembled slightly---the one connected to
the underground mirror world!

Franca remained in her concealed position, watching the stone door
slowly close without taking another step forward.

___

Beside the flowing underground river, the figure moved swiftly along the
water.

He didn't use lanterns, carbide lamps, or other sources of light, yet he
moved through the darkness with ease, navigating around potholes, rocks,
and obstacles effortlessly.

Jenna, hidden behind a mottled stone pillar, noticed a flickering red
light in the target's eye.

Taking a deep breath, she retrieved the ancient Arrow of the
Bloodthirsty from her black coat and prepared herself for the
confrontation.

Her combat experience wasn't limited, but it wasn't much either. In
particular, she had never faced a Beyonder alone. All she could do was
use everything in her arsenal to augment herself from the onset. She had
to go all out to minimize any accidents.

Jenna plunged the obsidian arrow into her chest, letting it draw her
blood and come to live.

Before the figure could approach, she sprinkled fluorescent powder over
herself and chanted a Hermes incantation at an almost inaudible volume:
"Body Concealment!"

With that, Jenna vanished completely, blending into the darkness, her
movements masked by the sound of the underground river.

Moments later, the figure with the red eye arrived in the area. Jenna
watched from the shadows.

Suddenly, the darkness came alive beneath the figure's feet, forming
inky black chains that wrapped around the legs, waist, and torso.

The figure stopped abruptly, a red light shooting from its eye.

From behind, Jenna's form materialized.

Only then did Jenna get a clear look at her target. He was a man,
holding a grayish-white cloth bag and wearing a dark gray robe similar
to that of a monk. His face was a menacing sight, constructed with iron
plates, gears, springs, screws, cranks, and other mechanical
contraptions. There was a vivid red gem embedded in his right eye.

*A monk from the Deep Valley Cloister?* Jenna's heart raced. She
hadn't anticipated Will targeting a monk from the God of Steam and
Machinery Church.

She and Franca had crossed paths with similar monks in the Deep Valley
Quarry before. These monks had augmented their bodies with mechanical
modifications, giving them an eerie appearance.

Confronted with a target whose skull had transformed into metal, Jenna
abandoned her initial plan of striking behind the ears. Instead, she
concentrated a dark flame in her right palm and pressed it against the
mechanical monk's head amidst the howling wind.

Simultaneously, a red beam shot forth, slicing through a few shackles
resembling the Abyss. However, it only addressed the front. The other
directions were already ensnaring the mechanically enhanced monk.

With a resounding impact, Jenna thrust the black flame into the target's
head.

The silent yet menacing black flames expanded instantly, consuming the
monk's Spirit Body and setting his spirituality ablaze.

Leveraging the high-speed agility granted by the Arrow of the
Bloodthirsty, Jenna continuously shifted her position around the monk to
evade counterattacks.

Simultaneously, she sought opportunities to weaken him to the fullest
extent with the Demoness's black flames, bolstered by dark, binding
spells.

In less than two minutes, the monk, unable to break free, collapsed to
the ground, rendered unconscious and weakened.

Jenna exhaled and lowered herself to the ground.

She picked up the grayish-white cloth bag, untied the rope, and
inspected its contents.

Inside, she found an array of canned paints and oil paintbrushes.