---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1931
index: 460
section: vol3
slug: 460
title: Chain Reaction
---

## Chapter 460: Chain Reaction

In the Deep Valley Quarry in the hill district, the gatekeeper "fell
asleep" once more, carried away by two members of the Machinery
Hivemind.

Clad in a white priest's robe and a clergyman's bonnet, Horamick Haydn
gazed at the open mine entrance, his benevolent and gentle face veiled
in shadows.

After the Church of the God of Steam and Machinery lost all its dioceses
in the Loen Kingdom, the former Archbishop of Backlund, a member of the
Divine Council, returned to the headquarters in Intis. Over the past few
years, he had traveled to various places like a firefighter, handling
various serious Beyonder incidents.

He understood better than most clergymen of the God of Steam and
Machinery Church that, despite the outward appearance of peace, the
world was riddled with festering wounds. Problems abounded, and hidden
dangers lurked in the darkness. The orthodox Churches and government
organizations could only strive to maintain stability.

Horamick collected his thoughts and sighed silently. He turned to the
Machinery Hivemind deacon beside him and declared, "Let's take action.
God will protect us. By steam!"

As he spoke, he drew a Triangular Sacred Emblem on his chest.

The burly Machinery Hivemind deacon issued the command for purification,
and the members of the Hivemind sprang into action. Some raised
iron-black barrel-shaped objects, while others shouldered weapons
resembling steam firearms, devoid of backpacks or golden ammunition
belts. Still, others produced leather scrolls, charms crafted from
various metals, and some pointed rings, canes, and other objects
forward.

*Rumble!*

The miniature sun-like golden fireball was the first to blast out of a
cannon barrel, landing at the heart of the quarry cave.

Behind it followed a cascade of colorful "cannonballs" and bullets of
varying shapes. The light and dispersed waves purged the entire Deep
Valley Quarry repeatedly, maintaining the cave's structural integrity,
resulting in only a slight collapse.

After a few rounds of purification, the concealed cave within the quarry
was breached, unveiling its interior.

Horamick's eyes gleamed with an inhuman, dark-red light. He could
clearly discern that the white mist within the secret cave had nearly
dissipated entirely. Human arms and legs were embedded in the rock walls
on either side.

The archbishop advanced, leading two squads of Machinery Hivemind
members through the quarry and into the concealed cave.

Before entering, he cast a glance back at the nearby Deep Valley
Cloister, closely monitored by Trier's archbishop with Sealed Artifacts.

Horamick studied the human arms and legs attached to gears, crankshafts,
and other mechanical components, resembling experimental subjects.

Under the deacon's orders, the Machinery Hivemind members initiated
another round of purification. They persisted until the arms, legs, and
machinery had turned to ashes or fragments, allowing them to proceed
further into the secret cave and descend the tunnel.

After several iterations, Horamick and the Machinery Hivemind members,
their pale-white hair concealed by clergyman bonnets, reached a vast,
laboratory-like chamber.

Here, human arms intertwined with machinery, following ceiling tracks,
perpetually gripping cabinets, sinks, long tables, and iron boxes,
moving them toward the blazing fire at the deepest part of the hall.

A few human corpses were piled in the chamber, and a humanoid figure
made entirely of machinery stood among them.

This mechanical being stood at a towering height of over three meters.
One of his cybernetic eyes resembled an emerald, while the other
resembled a ruby, supported by numerous components. His temples were
encased in a transparent special material, revealing the squirming
grayish-white brain within.

The mechanical giant cast a glance at Horamick and the others, who were
scattered at the entrance of the chamber, and emitted a metallic
chuckle.

"Surprised, are you? I don't require steam to power myself or a human
body to control me. I can perform any task just like a normal person,
including combat. Unfortunately, my Sequence isn't high enough to
replace the human brain.

"Seeing this, you have no reason to doubt, right? We are the chosen
children of God. We follow the true teachings of God, while your spirits
and flesh have been tainted by the pleasures and indulgence of the
mortal world, causing you to abandon the throne of God!"

Horamick surveyed the surroundings and noticed that the Machinery
Hivemind members present remained extraordinarily vigilant and resolute.
He nodded in approval.

Turning his attention to the mechanical giant, his benevolent expression
remained undisturbed.

"You used a spirituality gem, didn't you?

"Using humans to refine spirituality gems is even more ruthless and
wasteful than employing steam to drive them.

"Claude, I thought you were momentarily lost and would gradually return
to your senses within the Deep Valley Cloister. I didn't anticipate that
you would become a heretic!"

"Heretic?" The mechanical giant laughed. "You are the heretics! When was
the last time any of you received a revelation?"

"All the time," Horamick responded with composure. "Claude, tell me,
where is the Hostel? Are you in league with those evil gods to set your
sights on Fourth Epoch Trier?"

In his mechanical giant form, Claude's eyes emitted red and green lights
as he spoke with solemnity,

"You have strayed from the teachings of God. You no longer possess the
spirit of sacrifice.

"The future of this world and the chance for a deity to ascend to the
pinnacle lies within Fourth Epoch Trier. The sooner we unlock it, the
greater our hope!"

Without waiting for Horamick's reply, the mechanical giant declared
coldly, "I will show you who the heretics are and who the true followers
of God are!"

As soon as Claude finished speaking, the light in his cybernetic eyes
flared, and the entire chamber trembled. The sounds of machinery in
operation resonated with an enigmatic aura.

In an instant, the Machinery Hivemind members, who had been on the verge
of unleashing their firepower, witnessed projected paintings depicting
the evolution of humans emerging from obscurity, advancing step by step,
and building civilizations at various stages.

These paintings were ethereal, weighty, delicate, and magnificent.
Horamick and his companions seemed to transform into the people within
the paintings, experiencing the gravity and splendor of civilization.

At that moment, a face appeared "outside the painting."

This figure wore a towering crown, with his nostrils decayed to the
point where only two black holes remained. His eyes were filled with
countless overlapping star charts, and they stared greedily at Horamick
and the others, as well as their civilization.

Silently, more faces pressed against the surface of the painting. Some
had their heads bisected by a ruler, while others were adorned with
yellow paper covered in strange symbols. Some were covered in ears of
wheat and rice, while others barely took on human forms, their bodies
adorned with various symbols.

These faces were larger than Horamick and his companions combined. They
stared fixedly at the scene through the painting.

The Machinery Hivemind members who beheld these faces experienced a
profound fear from the depths of their hearts, as though their entire
civilization would be obliterated.

Just as they were on the verge of losing control, the faces vanished
mysteriously, just as they had appeared.

The scene before Horamick's eyes reverted to its normal state. The
mechanical giant Claude and the frenziedly operating chamber reentered
his field of vision.

The archbishop remained unruffled, though his voice resonated with
anger.

"Heretics!"

As his voice reverberated, he flexed his left wrist with his right hand,
unveiling a black, cold, and weighty metal tube.

The sound of gears clicking filled the chamber, illuminating it as
brightly as daylight.

The Machinery Hivemind members launched their attacks in succession.

*Rumble!*

The Deep Valley Quarry experienced a distinct tremor, as though a brief,
violent earthquake had struck.

___

In Underground Trier, just outside the stone door through which the
Carbonari had disappeared, crimson fireballs hovered in the air, casting
a warm glow in the dark tunnel.

Blazing Danitz, dressed in a linen shirt, a brown jacket, dark pants,
and black leather boots, had one hand in his pocket as he fixed his gaze
on the nearby stone door.

His burnt-yellow hair and eyebrows framed his face, and he casually held
a weed in his mouth, surveying the surroundings with his dark-blue yet
bright eyes.

Nearly 20 men, all dressed as sailors, silently fanned out in the
vicinity. Some twirled daggers, others wiped the barrels of their
revolvers, and a few stretched their necks in anticipation.

A grinning, brown-haired sailor finally broke the silence and questioned
Blazing Danitz, "Captain, why are we aiding the Intis government in
pursuing the Carbonari? And why are we doing it for free?"

Danitz glanced at him, spat out the weed from his mouth, and muttered
under his breath, "Damn fools, do you want to see Trier in ruins? Are
you lads not still Intisian?"

As he spoke, he swung his fist at the stone door.

*Doesn't this group of assholes not know that their captain owns
numerous properties in Trier?*

Upon the surface of Danitz's clenched fist, blazing white flames
gathered as he thrust forward. Eventually, they coalesced into a
fireball emitting a destructive aura.

*Boom!*

The ground shook, and the stone door shattered.

___

Jenna descended gracefully in the seemingly endless darkness,
occasionally brushing against gravel but escaping physical harm.

After what felt like an eternity of descent, her feet finally touched
solid ground.

Her beautiful blue eyes reflected a building.

It was a slightly crooked beige house. The lower three floors bore the
architectural marks of Roselle's era, featuring pillar walls, arches,
and large windows. The top two floors, in stark contrast, seemed crudely
appended as an afterthought.

*This is...* Jenna was visibly taken aback.

The building before her was one she recognized all too well.

It was Auberge du Coq Doré!

At that moment, light streamed from numerous rooms within Auberge du Coq
Doré. Jenna spotted a man and a woman, standing on the third-floor
balcony, wrapped in each other's embrace.

The man sported black-framed glasses, his neatly combed brown hair
adding to his refined appearance. As for the woman, she wore a lake-blue
dress, her plump face and ethereal brown eyes creating a curious
juxtaposition.

*Thud, thud.* Jenna's heart raced.

She had never actually met the woman, but she was familiar with the man.

It was the missing playwright, Gabriel!