---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1933
index: 462
section: vol3
slug: 462
title: Critical Interference
---

## Chapter 462: Critical Interference

Lumian's heart skipped a beat as he bolted upright.

He quickly unbuttoned his shirt and glanced at his left chest, where he
saw the bluish-black symbol that represented Mr. Fool's seal. It was a
fusion of a portion of the Pupil-less Eye and a portion of the Contorted
Lines.

*What happened? Mr. Fool's seal has been activated... Did Termiboros
attempt to escape?* Lumian's thoughts raced. However, as he
pondered, he began to sense that something was amiss.

Sunlight filtered through the drawn curtains, casting a semi-darkness
over Room 207.

At first glance, there was nothing unusual, as if someone had overslept
until the sun was high in the sky.

But Lumian was different. He reset his body and mental state every
morning, waking up naturally at 6 a.m. It was already autumn, and Trier
didn't see the first light until 7 a.m.

Lumian recalled an earthquake that had occurred not long ago, and he
suspected that the official Beyonders might have taken action. However,
after carefully listening to his surroundings and confirming the safety
of the market district, he had gone back to sleep.

It was still late at night!

Either Termiboros has escaped, and I'm no longer affected by the Circle
Inhabitant's power, or there's been an anomaly in the market district...
Lumian shrank into a gentle crouch, leaning against the desk beside the
bed. He cautiously raised a corner of the curtain.

What he saw was a familiar daily scene, but soon, Lumian noticed blurry
figures floating in the air, emitting a faint, eerie glow.

These figures had different faces, but they all shared an unsettling
stiffness, emptiness, coldness, and detachment. They bore a certain
resemblance to the corrupted Bouvard's corpse and Gabriel, who had
transformed into a monster. It was as if they could disappear into the
crevices of space at any moment, gazing coldly and dispassionately at
reality.

*The monsters of the Hostel pathway have invaded Trier? But where are
Trier's protective powers? This doesn't feel very strong; it's more like
a product of corruption...* He observed carefully and noticed
that the street vendors and pedestrians also appeared somewhat empty, as
if they too had been affected.

Combined with the anomaly in time and the westering sun, Lumian quickly
surmised the situation.

*I'm not in the real market district!*

*I've been drawn into a strange world suspected to be the Hostel. This
is the reason why Mr. Fool's seal was activated!*

Lumian released his right hand's grip, allowing the curtains to gently
fall back against the wall, sealing off the interior from the exterior
once more.

With a sense of purpose, he got out of bed and checked his belongings to
ensure they were all intact.

Without wasting any time, Lumian set up the altar and erected a wall of
spirituality, readying himself to perform ritualistic magic to seek Mr.
Fool's assistance.

One by one, he used his spirituality to light the three candles and
incinerate the herbal powder and essential oil. Stepping back twice, he
began to solemnly recite The Fool's honorific name.

"The Fool that doesn't belong to this era, the mysterious ruler above
the gray fog; the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.

"I implore you..."

As he spoke, a thin gray fog suddenly emanated from the wall of
spirituality. The candle flames took on a bluish-black hue, casting a
sinister and dark atmosphere over the entire altar.

Lumian's thoughts slowed down once more, and an uncomfortable sensation
coursed through his flesh. It was as if an army of countless worms were
wriggling beneath his skin.

Unlike previous interactions, he suddenly felt a strong sense of
imminent danger. It was as though the gray fog harbored blatant and
unusually overt malice directed at him.

This malevolence would briefly fade, only to surge back. It didn't fully
dissipate, nor did it manifest into tangible reality.

The cycle of vanishing and resurfacing was akin to a monstrous entity in
the water extending its tentacles to the shore, only to be pulled back
into the deep sea by an unseen force.

Lumian struggled to complete the ritual, waiting in vain for the angel's
protection or any revelations to come.

The influence of the gray fog intensified, leaving him with no choice
but to prematurely end the ritual and extinguish the candle flames.

As the wall of spirituality disintegrated, Lumian's thoughts finally
returned to their normal pace.

*Sometimes malice, sometimes no issues... Is The Celestial Worthy of
Heaven and Earth for Blessings interfering with Mr. Fool's
response?*

*He usually can't do it. Has He gathered enough strength to take a risk
at a critical moment?*

*This implies that the situation has reached a critical turning
point...*

___

In Quartier Éraste, outside the Sacred Heart Cloister with its numerous
golden steeples, the Major Arcana card holders, Magician---clad in a
white knotted shirt and a beige dress---and the elegant and pristine
Justice, stared at the magnificent building.

A golden retriever accompanied them, doing the same as well.

Rumble. The ground quaked, as if a brief earthquake had struck Trier.

Magician smiled and said, "It's beginning."

They understood that this commotion was likely stemming from the Deep
Valley Cloister and the quarry. Their aim was to initiate a series of
changes and set off a chain reaction, with the hope that Lady Moon,
hidden within the Sacred Heart Cloister, would step out on her own and
trigger their plan ahead of schedule.

By doing so, they could avoid forcefully entering the Sacred Heart
Cloister and provoking the Eternal Blazing Sun Church. Their target was
Lady Moon, the evil god's bestowed who nurtured a deity.

Assuming there were very few Angel-level heretics Blessed within the
barrier, Lady Moon represented the Great Mother and the most potent
power among all of Trier's heretics. It was highly likely that she was
at the center of the problem. By controlling her, they could disregard
the intricate web woven by fate and grasp the heart of the issue,
possibly resolving it on the spot.

If Lady Moon didn't emerge, Magician intended to capitalize on the chaos
in Trier, attempting to conceal the grand complex of buildings blessed
by the Eternal Blazing Sun, and forcibly locate her target.

Justice nodded gently.

"In fact, I've always had a sense that something is amiss with Lady
Moon. The problem may not be what we've suspected and might have lured
us here.

"However, regardless of the situation, we have many dependable
companions. Even if something occurs elsewhere, I believe they can
handle it."

Magician concurred tersely.

"The two of us can't do everything. Believing in our companions is both
hopeful and necessary."

At that moment, she suddenly turned her head and looked into the
distance.

Justice asked calmly, "What's the matter?"

Magician frowned and replied, "The seal experienced a fluctuation... Mr.
Fool has also sent a revelation, but I'm not certain if it's
authentic..."

___

After tidying up the altar, Lumian was just about to settle down and
consider the current situation and ways to contact the outside world
when he heard two sets of footsteps approaching from upstairs.

*Are they heading for Room 207? Had the dissolution of the wall of
spirituality alerted someone here?* Lumian surveyed the area,
his fingers finding the gaps in the newspaper-covered wall as he climbed
up to the ceiling.

Like a colossal spider, he relied on a Dancer's flexibility and a
Hunter's physique to silently cling closely to the wall, waiting for the
two people in the corridor to approach.

If they didn't spot anything unusual, he would consider it a successful
deception and let them pass. If they sensed anything was amiss, he would
strike without hesitation.

At that moment, Lumian felt a deep sense of gratitude for Auberge du Coq
Doré's aged appearance. It was filled with damage and signs of repair.
This was why he could grasp certain protrusions, secure his grip in
certain crevices, and anchor his body safely to the ceiling.

In just over ten seconds, the door to Room 207 creaked open.

Lumian's eyes focused on Gabriel's hairline and forehead, as well as the
black-framed glasses perched on the bridge of his nose.

Behind the playwright stood Séraphine, a model clad in a lake-blue
dress, exuding an aura of detachment.

It's indeed the Hostel... Although Lumian couldn't fathom why he had
inexplicably ended up at the Hostel, he still felt a surge of excitement
despite his taut nerves.

From this point onward, as long as he could deceive Séraphine and the
others, establish a connection with the outside world, and seek help,
there was hope for resolving the problem!

Gabriel took two steps inside and halted. He scanned the room and said
to Séraphine, "No issues here."

Séraphine tersely acknowledged his words and proceeded to inspect the
other rooms.

Gabriel followed the model closely, making sure to close the door of
Room 207 behind him.

After they ascended from the second floor, Lumian released his grip on
the ceiling and gently landed on the floor.

He pulled up a chair, turned it around, and sat down, leaning back as he
kept his gaze locked on the door.

After a few minutes, footsteps approached from the third floor.

Lumian remained motionless, unsurprised as he watched the wooden door
gently open.

Gabriel's figure appeared.

"Why did you come in?" the playwright, now a monster with a slightly
vacant expression, asked with a note of rational concern.

Lumian chuckled.

"I'd like to know that too."

Gabriel entered the room quietly, shutting the door behind him.

He was dressed in a white shirt, a dark jacket, black pants, and
strapless leather shoes, his face showing signs of pain.

"Leave this place as soon as possible. I'm losing control. I don't know
when I'll betray you. By the way, Jenna has also entered. I don't know
where she's hiding."

*Jenna is here too?* Lumian raised his eyebrows and asked the
most critical question, "How do I leave?"

Gabriel began to respond, but the door to Room 207 creaked open once
more.

Only then did Lumian sense the intrusion and turned his gaze towards the
door.

Séraphine stood there, with her plump face, naturally disheveled brown
hair, and brown eyes exuding a unique ethereal aura.

Lumian didn't panic. He put on a calm demeanor and said, "You seem to
know Gabriel so well."

Despite his outward composure, every muscle in his body tensed.

"He's not good at hiding his thoughts," Séraphine replied in an empty
voice.

*Communicable...* Lumian suppressed his urge to use the Spell of
Harrumph and sighed.

"I thought you had already become a pure monster."

Séraphine's lips formed a self-deprecating smile.

"The difference between me and them is that before I turned into a pure
monster, I realized there was still someone who truly loved me."

Gabriel smiled.

Lumian sighed and inquired, "Is this the Hostel?"

"Yes," Gabriel confirmed before anyone else could.

Lumian glanced at the dimly lit corridor.

"But the room here isn't Room 7, Room 12. It's still Room 207, 309."

Séraphine gazed at Lumian, her expression becoming increasingly
ethereal, and her voice even more illusory.

"Here, they call me: Room 12."