---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1938
index: 467
section: vol3
slug: 467
title: Old Bones
---

## Chapter 467: Old Bones

Upon hearing the term "Room 1," Lumian was genuinely surprised, even
with his wealth of experiences.

Séraphine and Gabriel had previously mentioned that the Hostel had a
total of 13 "Rooms," but Room 1 had never been mentioned. It was as if
it had never entered the Hostel. Lumian had always found this to be a
mysterious omission, suspecting that there were critical points hidden
in this fact. To his amazement, the painter-dressed man, likely a Pixie,
now addressed him as "Room 1."

This was beyond belief!

Lumian was certain that the symbols on him were related to Mr. Fool and
the entity known as Inevitability. They had nothing to do with the
Painter. While Termiboros, an evil god's Angel, resided within him, it
was fundamentally different from the Hostel Rooms like Séraphine's.

They had different sources of power and were different forms of abode!

At that moment, Lumian didn't waste time analyzing why the suspected
Pixie called him Room 1 or whether there was important information
hidden in it. He knew one thing---unless he could quickly eliminate or
control the two enemies in midair and take command of the black hole in
the Salle de Bal Brise area, the Hostel residents would undoubtedly
notice the abnormality and rush their Rooms to the scene, making the
situation more complicated.

Upon hearing "Room 1," Jenna was equally shocked, but she didn't
question Lumian or waste time seeking answers. She retrieved the Arrow
of the Bloodthirsty, made of obsidian, and plunged it into her chest,
despite having used it only a few hours ago.

At this point, she cared little about the accumulation of mutations in
her body.

Similarly, even if something was amiss with Ciel, she would have to wait
until they escaped before inquiring about it.

As the Arrow of the Bloodthirsty pierced her chest, a dense black fog
emanated from Jenna's back, forming a pair of colossal and rather
illusory bat wings.

With a powerful flap, she lunged for the woman in the blue beret and the
man in red pants.

Simultaneously, black flames gradually condensed in the Witch's palm.

The colossal bat wings extended from bottom to top, obscuring the
Painters' line of sight.

The man in red pants swiftly turned his paintbrush around and dipped it
in silver paint, drawing a menacing lightning bolt on his clothes.

Silver-white lightning detached from the man's white shirt and struck
Jenna's illusory membraned black wings, numbing her entire body with the
crackling electrical energy. The dense black fog that had formed the bat
wings was diminished by the lightning, and Jenna began to descend slowly
as she lost control of her flight.

In that critical moment, Lumian's form materialized in midair right
behind the painter in red pants.

Without the ability to fly or float, Lumian chose to "teleport."

Seeing Jenna use the Arrow of the Bloodthirsty to create Wings of
Darkness and fly boldly towards the two presumed Pixies, Lumian
understood that his companion was likely drawing the enemy's attention
and creating an opportunity for him to swiftly attack one of their
targets.

Witches rarely fought in such a manner.

"Ha!" Lumian exclaimed as a pale-yellow light, resembling a stream of
air, shot forth from his mouth and struck the man in red pants.

Before the Painter, who had just drawn lightning, could react or even
realize that Lumian had appeared behind him, he closed his eyes and lost
consciousness.

Without suspension, he plummeted to the ground.

The woman in the blue beret remained composed. Figures emerged in her
eyes, as if they held a world within them.

One of the figures traversed the boundaries of fiction and reality,
moving from the realm of fantasy into the world within the painting.

Dressed in a light-blue dress with long, thick blond hair and serene
light-blue eyes---Aurore!

It was Aurore!

Upon witnessing this, Lumian's resolve remained unwavering. His eyes
burned with anger.

*Are you worthy of imagining Aurore?*

As he descended from the sky, crimson fireballs materialized around his
body and were launched towards the woman in the blue beret.

The woman extended her right hand and pressed it into the void. Her
entire being suddenly turned illusory, her expression vacant and cold.

Numerous fireballs landed on her, but they didn't detonate, as though
there was nothing there.

They passed through her figure and exploded nearby.

At the same moment, the Painter in red pants landed before Jenna with a
distinct cracking sound.

The excruciating pain brought him back from the unconscious state
induced by Lumian's Spell of Harrumph. He instinctively opened his eyes.

Just as the woman in the blue beret dodged the explosion, she exited her
peculiar state and flew toward Jenna, who was about to land.

In an instant, she collided with Jenna, sending starlight and sparks
flying like meteors.

*Crack!*

Jenna's body shattered into fragments, transforming into mirror pieces
that reflected the sunlight.

Her form reappeared beside the profound darkness within Salle de Bal
Brise.

Lumian descended with a whoosh, his feet landing heavily on the ground,
his body swaying.

At that very moment, the three of them, along with the woman in the blue
beret, seemed to sense something. They turned their heads, casting their
gazes towards the intersections leading into Avenue du Marché.

Women with detached dispositions, fleeting eyes, and indifferent
expressions emerged from different directions. They were Room
12---Séraphine---and Room 7, which Lumian and Jenna had recently
encountered.

Gabriel followed closely behind Séraphine, his gaze growing increasingly
vacant, his face contorted with agony.

Jenna and Lumian felt a creeping unease, as if they were inexorably
descending into an abyss.

Suddenly, a hand extended from the darkness within Salle de Bal Brise.

It was a hand devoid of flesh and skin, composed of withered, yellowed
bones stained with rust.

___

In the enigmatic cave adorned with a colossal mural, the young painter
altered his form and broke free from the skeletal palm's grasp.

He existed in a state between reality and the spirit world, untouchable
by anyone and unable to touch anyone. His only capacity was to observe
as the empty space on the rock wall and the ground intersected, turning
dark and viscous, akin to a bottomless swamp.

At that moment, an incomplete skeleton, composed of dark-red stained
bones and rust, emerged from the swamp.

The skeleton appeared to hail from ancient times. It extended its bony
fingers into the oil painting on the rock wall, corresponding to the
incomplete Salle de Bal Brise.

Beneath it, more yellowed skeletons crawled out from the depths of the
swamp. Some bore shattered iron-colored armor, others carried rusty
weapons, a few were missing a third of their bodies, and some were
devoid of their heads...

___

In the market district, beneath Église Saint-Robert, within the
Inquisition.

In his office, Angoulême de François, donned in a golden shirt,
attentively observed his subordinates delivering intel one by one.

"A violent explosion in the direction of the Deep Valley Cloister..."

"Abnormal activity detected underground..."

"Saint Viève Cathedral has issued an order to maintain maximum vigilance
tonight..."

"Someone at the docks is organizing a huge strike tomorrow morning and
distributing weapons..."

"There are also people organizing a march at the factories to the
south..."

The Purifiers had a vast network of informants, surpassing even the most
prolific information brokers. The manifold reports concerning unusual
events in various locations within the market district nearly made
Angoulême lose control of his expression. His facial muscles twitched
ever so slightly.

When it finally grew silent, and no more subordinates came in to report,
Angoulême stood up, adjusted his collar, picked up a substantial
dossier, and slammed it onto the table.

While doing so, the Purifier deacon cursed silently, *Hidden Blade, do
you want me dead?*

Ever since Hidden Blade had informed him about Gardner Martin's
collaboration with the Carbonari, the anomalies between the Carbonari
and the Deep Valley Cloister, and the Hostel's situation, various
irregularities had emerged from every corner, relentlessly testing his
nerves.

Only a few hours had passed, but Angoulême felt as though a tempest was
gathering.

*Phew...* Angoulême exhaled and compiled the gathered intel,
Hidden Blade's reports, and the questions she had requested
clarification on into a single document. He pinned it to the wall with a
thumbtack, hoping to discern any patterns or overlooked details.

The Purifier deacon's gaze roved the room.

After some time, his eyes settled on one of the documents.

Hidden Blade had inquired about the secret of Église Saint-Robert's old
cemetery but hadn't received an answer.

The old cemetery lay within the current Salle de Bal Brise.

Angoulême's heart stirred, and he resolved to seek answers to this
question once more.

It was one of the few things he could undertake at the moment.

*Blasted Hidden Blade, once this matter is resolved, if you don't leave
the market district, I'll request a transfer!* Angoulême
inwardly cursed as he hurried into the telegraph room, angrily composing
a telegram.

He intended to convey to the higher-ups that they shouldn't be overly
strict about confidentiality classifications when it concerned
intelligence.

The sooner he could figure out the details, the sooner he could unearth
the truth and forestall impending catastrophe.

After a ten-minute wait, Angoulême received a response:

"The old cemetery of Église Saint-Robert is situated above a node for
the sealing of Fourth Epoch Trier. In the past, there was a breach that
led to the release of some Fourth Epoch deceased. Subsequently, it was
reinforced, and the situation was contained.

"When the sealing system for the catacombs replaced such nodes, the old
cemetery lost its significance and wasn't retained."