---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1940
index: 469
section: vol3
slug: 469
title: '"Reinforcements"'
---

## Chapter 469: "Reinforcements"

Quartier Éraste, Trier's garrison encampment.

Under the dim moonlight, a significant number of soldiers poured out of
various buildings. They organized into teams with remarkable precision,
either firing cannons at the distant roadblocks or shouldering rifles as
they advanced toward Avenue du Boulevard in coordinated squads.

Among them were combatants equipped with steam-powered backpacks and
massive firearms, strategically positioning themselves on elevated
vantage points and in concealed spots.

Inside a building within the camp, Albus, his hair appearing to be dyed
red, sat confidently in an officer's chair, his legs casually crossed at
the edge of the table before him.

In his field of vision, disembodied heads dangled by bloody spines,
almost like they had extended tails.

These severed heads soared toward headless bodies clad in blue soldier
coats adorned with golden threads. They aimed for the vacant necks,
inserting their bloodstained spines with precision.

*Crack!* They completed their "integration" simultaneously,
twisting left and right to acclimate themselves to their new hosts.

The freshly created soldiers promptly retrieved their weapons and
charged out in an orderly formation, following mysterious directives.

Albus Medici clicked his tongue and remarked, "This is quite the
reminiscent sight. Will this night turn into a bloodbath?"

___

Beyond the multitude of towering steeples and the golden-hued buildings,
Magician and Justice were alerted by the distant rumble of cannons.

"An early uprising?" Magician, dressed in a crisp white collared shirt
and a beige dress, gazed with starlight in her eyes, as if she had
glimpsed through the veils of the spirit world and witnessed the turmoil
at the military encampment.

Her prior astromancy predictions had suggested that the catastrophe was
still some time away. However, when Jenna caught the cyborg monk and
discovered their ties to the heretics and job of transporting paints and
brushes, it was evident that destiny had shifted, setting the illusory
gears into motion prematurely.

The catastrophe had begun without proper preparation.

Justice, garbed in a light-blue dress, listened to the booming cannons
and responded with a composed tone, "Given the scale, it's clear that
this won't topple Intis's current government. It can only incite a
certain degree of temporary chaos...

"Could there be strikes, protests, marches, riots, and other forms of
civil unrest colliding?"

"These are the strengths of the Iron and Blood Cross Order and the
Carbonari. Perhaps Gardner Martin and some of his associates went into
hiding to spark the flames, but it appears their coordination isn't
strong enough. Without effective collaboration, they can't establish a
connection." Magician's gaze shifted toward the southeastern region,
where Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, the market district, and
Quartier du Jardin Botanique were situated.

Justice nodded in agreement and added, "This means that our efforts have
yielded results. They were compelled to accelerate their plans. It's
impressive they accomplished such a feat given these circumstances."

As soon as she finished speaking, the "doll" messenger, dressed in a
light-gold gown, materialized from the void and handed the letter from
Judgment to Magician.

"Good evening, Miss Justice. A good day to you," the messenger
cheerfully greeted Justice.

She was a mysophobic, obsessive-compulsive creature from the spirit
world with a penchant for beauty, and Miss Justice was the embodiment of
her preferences.

On the other hand, her employer had many shortcomings that she found
intolerable. Therefore, she often took on additional tasks herself.
This, however, had built a strong bond of closeness and trust between
them.

Magician unfolded the letter and quickly scanned its contents. Her
expression underwent a subtle change.

"A world in a painting."

"Did Arrodes use the lucky gold coin and The Fool's seal on Lumian to
gain a vague glimpse of the scenes within the painting world?

"Partial glimpses of Avenue du Marché..."

After murmuring to herself, Magician turned to Justice and said, "I have
a rough understanding of what those heretics are after and why they are
utilizing the Hostel's form and the essence of its rooms.

"We can't afford to waste any more time. Let's take action now. Control
or eliminate Lady Moon before we search for the painting world."

Justice nodded. "Agreed."

She then smiled and added, "We should place our trust in our comrades
and collaborators."

"Very well." Magician took a step toward the Sacred Heart Cloister, her
beige dress hem billowing in the breeze.

She raised her hands, and a constellation of resplendent stars
materialized around her.

They appeared both distant and densely packed, converging to create a
night sky over the highlands.

The countless stars cast their radiance upon the surface of the Sacred
Heart Cloister.

With a determined effort, Magician lifted the void in front of her, as
if bearing a heavy burden.

Amidst the tumultuous yet silent vibrations, the Sacred Heart Cloister,
along with its myriad steeples and the ground beneath it, was
"projected" into a pitch-black void. Fierce hurricanes and layers of
darkness encircled them.

Almost simultaneously, brilliant sunbeams illuminated the interconnected
buildings, as if conjuring thousands of miniature suns.

They resisted the encroaching darkness, striving to reveal the concealed
void.

Magician and Justice vanished, reappearing in a space that seemed to
bend and contract, forming a dark sphere.

Close by, a crouching golden retriever activated Psychological
Invisibility, carefully observing her surroundings and maintaining the
highest level of vigilance.

___

Painting world, Avenue du Marché.

From the darkness that corresponded to Salle de Bal Brise, dark-red and
rust-stained yellow skeletons emerged.

They exuded a palpable aura of death, and the strong scent of rust and
blood hung heavy in the air. When gathered together, they created and
intensified a frenzied and violent atmosphere.

This sensation was tangible, immediately shaking the crystal barrier
enveloping the darkness. It produced numerous cracks before silently
collapsing.

Witnessing this horrifying scene, the woman in the white halter dress
who had brought the Sansons to Avenue du Marché and the various rooms
with similar auras to Séraphine's brought over, certain words spoken by
the "doll" messenger flashed through Lumian's mind.

Those old bones!

With a swift thought, he seized Jenna's arm with his left hand and
immersed his consciousness into his right palm.

Bright red scars reappeared, and an exceptionally violent, maddening,
and domineering aura surged from his body, causing the blue sky, white
clouds, and the setting sun to visibly quiver.

Even Séraphine and the other "rooms," despite their experience, were
taken aback and couldn't help but shudder.

The two pixies outside were even more terrified, convinced that a
formidable presence had descended and that the painting world was on the
brink of collapse.

The yellowish, ragged, and incomplete old bones creaked and turned,
bowing their heads in unison to Lumian. They refrained from
instinctively attacking the nearest humans.

Lumian raised his chin slightly and pointed his right hand with an icy
determination at the "rooms" and the two pixies.

The old bones, clad in tattered armor and brandishing rusty weapons,
transformed into dangerous incandescent fireballs that exploded towards
every genuine target.

The blue-beret-wearing pixie's pupils dilated, and she abruptly extended
her palm into the void.

Her form turned ethereal once more, suffused with even greater emptiness
and indifference, as if she had hidden herself in another realm.

*Boom!*

The white-hot fireball merged with her form, resulting in a powerful
explosion, but it couldn't reach the distant fantasy world and harm its
intended target.

The Painter, donned in red pants, had suffered a severe fall, with
fractured bones and a lingering sense of dizziness. There was no time to
change his condition. His only option was to attempt a rapid
repositioning, employing the maximum speed a Sequence 8 could muster.
Yet, just as he sprang to his feet, he was struck by a blazing white
fireball.

*Boom!*

The Pixie was left in a gory state from the explosion. His abdomen was
torn open, internal organs spilled out, and his left arm severed. Severe
burn marks covered his body.

He lost consciousness, his life ebbing away.

The incandescent white fireball hurtling toward Séraphine and Gabriel
suddenly veered into the wilderness, distancing itself from the
indifferent and vacant human models by several hundred meters.

The farther it flew, the weaker it became. After enduring for a hundred
to two hundred meters, it eventually touched the ground and exploded.

Perhaps the most dangerous factor was the woman in the white halter
dress, with curly black hair and a beautiful face. She appeared soulless
as multiple blazing white fireballs were aimed at her.

However, the hazardous fireballs either bypassed the raised palms of the
human model or exploded prematurely in a strange manner. Some even
ascended into the air and transmuted into fireworks.

It was akin to Room 7 being impervious to attack.

Not far from Séraphine, there stood a stunning woman in a bright red
dress. Her eyes held a vacant quality, and her aura appeared somewhat
detached.

At that moment, she watched a blazing white fireball hurtling toward her
like a meteor, remaining utterly motionless.

The blazing white fireball grew fainter and smaller. Just as it was
about to collide with its target, it completely extinguished and
reverted to a yellowish skeleton holding a rusty spear.

The skeleton swayed a few times before disintegrating, the withering
sensation becoming more pronounced.

In the café diagonally opposite, an elegant plump lady in a black dress
materialized. On one hand, she seemed to have lost her vitality and
appeared unusually ethereal. On the other hand, she displayed a yearning
expression and gaze. She opened her mouth as the incandescent white
fireball approached and raised her hands, clutching a silver knife and
fork.

With a whoosh, she sliced the blazing white fireball in half.

An illusory vortex filled with fanged phantoms formed in her mouth,
devouring a portion of the fireball, "neutralizing" the threat.

*Boom!*

Most of the fireballs lost their course and veered off, shattering the
café's glass and toppling tables, chairs, and nearby outer walls.

Beside the darkness of Salle de Bal Brise, Lumian watched the old bones
transform into blazing white fireballs, attacking the various "rooms"
and the two pixies. He didn't wait to see the final outcome or seize an
opportunity to launch a surprise attack. He grabbed Jenna's arm, kicked
with his right foot, and lunged towards Salle de Bal Brise's original
location, where the old bones had emerged.