---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1941
index: 470
section: vol3
slug: 470
title: Three Heads, Six Arms
---

## Chapter 470: Three Heads, Six Arms

Lumian and Jenna plunged into the darkness, the area that should have
been Salle de Bal Brise before the Hostel's "rooms" and the
blue-beretted pixie could escape the entanglement of old bones.

His vision plunged into darkness before specks of spiritual light
emerged ahead.

They converged like resplendent stars, turning densely packed, akin to a
black velvet curtain adorned with diamonds or countless grains of sand
in water.

Amidst these spiritual lights, an ancient, heavy, illusory, and
mysterious door materialized in distortion.

Iron-black, its surface marred by dark-red rust, as if a large amount of
blood had spilled upon it.

___

In Underground Trier, within the undetectable mine.

In his untouchable state, the Painter witnessed yellowed skeletons
clamoring into the colossal oil painting on the rock wall. Iron-black
and dark-red lines outlined themselves in the previously empty Salle de
Bal Brise, forming a door that shouldn't exist in reality.

"It's not time yet, not time yet..." The Painter, with tassels adorning
his trouser legs, stared blankly, unable to believe such a development.

Though he and his accomplices had been attempting to depict this
imaginary door, they knew it was destined to fail. At most, they would
complete a fifth of it before having to start anew. They persisted for
the experience, anticipating that once the ritual commenced, they could
draw the crucial parts swiftly.

Having already finished the main part of the Hostel oil painting, they
had nothing else to do. Why not try a few more times? What if a miracle
occurred?

Now, a miracle unfolded without their attempts!

The Painter gazed at the transformation before him, a mix of
anticipation and shock.

He couldn't help but look up at the cave ceiling and silently mutter,
*Do we not need cooperation from aboveground to make the entrance
appear?*

*Could the abnormality in the painting world be causing this?*

*If we don't coordinate with the surface in time, even if the entrance
appears, we won't be able to bypass the seal and enter...*

___

Lumian and Jenna descended as if through a dark pipe, uncontrollably
approaching the void adorned with spiritual specks of light and the
bloodied, rusted door.

Almost simultaneously, Lumian's left chest heated up, and terrifying
ravings echoed in his ears from an infinite height and distance.

Familiar with this sensation, indicating the corruption of Inevitability
in his body, Lumian knew Termiboros was up to something, and Mr. Fool's
seal had been triggered.

However, unlike before, Lumian refrained from attempting to crack the
seal to steal Inevitability's power. Consequently, he didn't enter a
state of excruciating pain, just a bit dazed.

In his daze, Lumian saw Séraphine---Room 7---clad in a white halter
dress. Other "rooms" with varied appearances and attire, yet nearly
identical dispositions,

seemed to detach from the painting world and overlap with the fake
Avenue du Marché.

The left chests of these "rooms" emitted a faint glow, suggesting they
too had seals on them.

Lumian's head spun as a scene---whether real or fake---unfolded before
him.

Séraphine and the other 12 "rooms" stepped into the void and surrounded
him, invisible and hidden connections intertwining.

Jenna, arm clutched by Lumian, sensed something and turned her head.

Flesh on Lumian's left and right shoulders writhed as two illusory heads
emerged.

One head looked like a ten-year-old Lumian, covered in dirt, and his
eyes filled with ruthlessness. The other, nearly thirty, with blood-red
hair and iron-black eyes, looked violent and crazy.

*Wh---* Jenna felt as if she had entered a nightmare, witnessing
her companion transform into a monster.

Lumian's body expanded, gripping Jenna like a palm-sized puppet.

Behind him, illusory arms sprouted from his ribs.

Lumian didn't neglect the changes in his body. He saw his current form
in Jenna's eyes.

A three-headed, six-armed giant!

It bore a striking resemblance to the monster in Cordu's ruins!

However, Lumian didn't lose his mind. He was certain The Fool's seal on
his chest and Termiboros were still intact.

An illusory collision reverberated as Lumian crashed into the ancient,
heavy, and mysterious door, causing it to tremble and creak. It was
about to open.

At that moment, the spiritual spots on the black velvet curtain lit up,
stabilizing the iron-black door stained with blood and rust.

Witnessing and experiencing this, Lumian suddenly grasped what Hostel
was, why they referred to him as Room 1, and the heretics' intentions
and plans.

The concept of Hostel likely emerged after the Tree of Shadow disaster.

At some point, Maipú Meyer, ostracized, established contact with other
cults, informing them of Lumian's existence and state.

They imitated the situation where an evil god's Blessed was sealed
within Lumian's body, creating Hostel, Rooms 2 to 13. They invited
various evil gods' Blessed to take up residence, establishing a mystical
connection among them based on this systematic similarity.

When Lumian entered the painting world, actions taken on the other
"rooms" of Hostel were equivalent to acts on Lumian.

When the Hostel took shape and all the "rooms" were pieced together,
Lumian couldn't help but be affected.

Since the "rooms" displayed the levels of their residents, Lumian
underwent a corresponding change.

The resident within him was an Angel, Termiboros!

After the mysticism-based Hostel ritual, Lumian, lacking the strength of
an Angel or a true Mythical Creature form, had briefly attained the
level of an Angel!

This explained why Voisin Sanson and company didn't leave the room and
attacked Lumian directly.

Termiboros was sealed, so they naturally wanted Him too. They had to
maintain this state until the ritual ended!

Of course, the heretics weren't kind enough to help Lumian experience
the state of an Inevitability Angel. Their goal was to use this
opportunity to enter Fourth Epoch Trier.

Opening the door using an Angel's level!

Hence, the Hostel had to align with some areas of the market district
and exhibit environmental similarities.

Lumian speculated that the Salle de Bal Brise's underground corresponded
to a weak spot in the seal. In the past, there had even been problems.
Many old bones, guided by Alista Tudor's aura, had crawled out. The
corruption leaked, affecting 13 Avenue du Marché.

This made Lumian wonder if his arrival in the market district and his
stay at Auberge du Coq Doré had something to do with the attraction the
underground area had on Hunters.

Due to this crucial information, the Salle de Bal Brise in the painting
world remained blank and dark. The streets surrounding it and the people
who often appeared nearby were replicated in appearance.

When the corresponding ritual truly commenced, the surface's market
district and the underground market district would likely undergo a
switch. Reality would become a fabrication, and fabrication would become
reality, revealing or outlining the seal corresponding to Salle de Bal
Brise, weakening it to the extreme.

When the time came, Lumian, an Angel, could "open" the door to Fourth
Epoch Trier!

Maipú Meyer's return to the market district aimed to harness his Actor
abilities, acting as different individuals. He would enter various
houses and assist Pixies in grasping the specifics of these streets to
complete the massive painting of Hostel.

Worried that Lumian, Franca, and others would notice in advance, he
avoided their rooms, lacking sufficient knowledge.

Looking at the mysterious door beneath him, Lumian tried to distance
himself, but he couldn't break free. It was as if a huge magnet was
sucking him---now an Angel---behind the door, causing him to
involuntarily squeeze inside.

Thanks to countless spots of spirituality in the surrounding darkness,
the ancient door, stained with blood and rust, didn't open.

Lumian sensed that this was because the Hostel ritual hadn't fully
commenced.

He and Jenna had barged into the painting world ahead of time,
disrupting the heretics' arrangements!

Now, if the Hostel ritual was to be completed and the surface and
underground switched, there were at least two key points that couldn't
be matched.

Firstly, the subterranean seal, which could only be released by
destroying Trier and eliminating most of the people here, now had the
switch between reality and fabrication, a temporary acquisition of an
angelic level, and the discovery of weakness in the seal; thus, the
requirement could be significantly reduced. However, lowering the
requirement further would necessitate a riot bringing chaos to the
surface Trier.

Secondly, it was afternoon in the painting world, and the Sun was only
westering. The sky was still bright, but in reality, it was the middle
of the night. The moonlight was dim, and the darkness was dense.

___

Avenue du Marché, market district.

In a double-breasted brown coat, Angoulême de François noted the secret
of Église Saint-Robert's old cemetery on paper, placing it in the safe
house provided by Hidden Blade, hoping she would discover it in time.

The Purifier deacon guided his robot toward Imre and Valentine, who
awaited near Salle de Bal Brise.

At that moment, the rumbling salvos reached his ears.

Instinctively, he turned his head to see Trier's sky illuminated by
flames.

*An army rebellion?* Angoulême furrowed his brow.

Now, most Purifiers from the dioceses were dispersed to quell strikes,
marches, and protests after daybreak.

Unexpectedly, trouble arose in the military camp!

*Was news of the massive strike deliberately sent to us, forcing a
dispersion of forces and making it impossible for us to organize
manpower to resolve the problem in a short period of time? A conspiracy
by the Iron and Blood Cross Order?* Angoulême instantly had a
suspicion.

*†*

In Quartier Éraste, a wilderness emerged from the Sacred Heart Cloister
that had been thrown into turbulence and darkness.

Lady Moon's voice resonated, her smile evident as she addressed Magician
and Justice,"You might not have guessed who's sheltering us this
time..."

Before she could finish, the sound of a baby crying echoed.

"Waaa!"

The baby's cries were vibrant, bringing forth endless golden sunlight.

The entire Sacred Heart Cloister transformed into a blazing sun,
piercing through the turbulent storm and distorting space.

In the real Trier, the still-sleeping citizens were jolted awake by the
sunlight.

In Apartment 601, Franca and Anthony Reid instinctively looked up at the
suddenly bright sky.

A dazzling golden sun hung in the sky, positioned to the west.