---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1956
index: 485
section: vol3
slug: 485
title: Night Pillar
---

## Chapter 485: Night Pillar

The intensifying gray fog at the core that spread to every corner of
Fourth Epoch Trier didn't faze Gardner Martin, wrapped in sleek
silver-white full-body armor. Instead of alarm, delight surged within
him. Since the invasion of the power from Building 13 on Avenue du
Marché, and being able to hear the great voice, such scenes had
frequented his dreams. It felt like returning home, the door wide open
for him.

Without hesitation, Gardner Martin sprinted toward the heart of Fourth
Epoch Trier, heading for the land of the fallen god.

___

Through a street so narrow that the residents in the houses on both
sides could almost reach out and shake hands, Lumian and his companions
sprinted forward.

After only a dozen steps, Lumian sensed an intangible force emanating
from the pitch-black gray fog. It was like the countless arms of a
terrifying entity, gently and methodically caressing every living being
to determine its prey.

Lumian's scalp tingled. Even with his clothes providing cover,
goosebumps erupted where the formless entity touched him.

Instinctively, he wanted to resist, but then he remembered Termiboros's
words.

"Don't stop. Don't turn back. Don't teleport. Don't pull your
companions!"

While this didn't explicitly mention resisting, defending, or attacking,
Lumian felt it wise to observe and wait for developments.

Suppressing the urge to incinerate the formless entities, he compelled
himself to move forward.

Jenna, by his side, and Franca and Anthony behind him, closely monitored
Lumian. If he didn't act, neither did they. If he did, they would
quickly follow suit.

Observing Lumian refraining from confronting the formless entity in the
dim gray fog, they braced themselves, enduring the intense and
danger-filled caresses.

In the midst of this, Franca found the formless object somewhat
familiar.

Recalling the suspicion that this place was the mirror's Fourth Epoch
Trier, closely linked to the Demoness pathway, she quickly had an
answer.

It bore a striking resemblance to a Demoness of Pleasure's spider silk!

*Could it be left behind by a high-level Demoness?* Franca
imagined a scene: a colossal pitch-black, half-human spider, nestled
silently in the depths of the gray fog, extending spider silk that
seemed to possess a life of its own, attempting to locate and capture
its prey.

After covering more than ten steps in a sprint, Lumian was pleasantly
surprised to notice the formless entity slowly retracting. It no longer
actively caressed him, but given their dense presence, occasional
brushes or touches were inevitable.

This change appeared to be a response to his proactive approach towards
the source of the formless entities.

These formless entities seemed to single out those attempting to escape!

Upon breaking free from the narrow street and delving into the thick
gray fog, Lumian suddenly felt his hair stand on end, a chilling
sensation running down his spine.

His intuition warned of immense danger ahead, a threat capable of
obliterating them all. The consequences of getting closer were beyond
imagination.

Franca and the others involuntarily slowed down. The horror felt
palpable, like a loaded revolver pressed against their foreheads, poised
to fire at any moment.

Lumian clenched his teeth and pressed on.

Having chosen to trust Termiboros's advice, he needed to endure until
there was evidence to the contrary. Otherwise, he might as well do
something else from the beginning!

He didn't halt, and Jenna and the others didn't dare to either. They
resembled fools aware of an impending cliff, understanding their
insignificance, yet choosing to rush forward, like an idiot.

At that moment, Lumian caught sight from the corner of his eye of black
flames erupting over Jenna's body. Pain etched her face, fear mirrored
in her eyes.

*Crack!* Jenna shattered like a mirror, only to reappear, still
engulfed in black flames and frost.

Her eyes pleaded with Lumian.

Instinctively, Lumian raised his left hand, as if to aid Jenna. However,
a brief moment of hesitation swept over him, and he withdrew his hand,
fixing his gaze ahead.

Don't pull companions!

Despair, surprise, and resentment filled Jenna's eyes instantly.

She coughed and came to a standstill.

Swiftly ensnared by the formless entities, she was dragged deeper into
the gray fog.

Franca, witnessing this, had an immediate change in expression, ready to
offer assistance when Lumian's instructions flashed through her mind.

She hesitated.

In that moment, Jenna's expression transformed into one of pure hatred,
blood seeping from the pores on her face. A shrill scream escaped her
lips, akin to a curse echoing towards everyone.

Seeing this, Lumian and the others experienced a strange sense of
relief.

This Jenna seemed more like a Mirror Person!

Amidst the shrill scream, Jenna vanished into the depths of the gray
fog, her voice abruptly silenced.

Almost simultaneously, Lumian caught Jenna in his peripheral vision,
sprinting beside him with an anxious and nervous expression.

As expected! Lumian roughly comprehended why Termiboros had cautioned
against pulling companions.

In this realm, a companion could seamlessly switch with their mirror
counterpart at any moment. Assisting the "Mirror Person" risked harm to
their true companion, leading to complete assimilation into this place,
becoming "food" for the entity at the source of the formless objects.

*Dammit! Couldn't you be more explicit? These reasons aren't
particularly intricate. You insist on us experiencing them ourselves and
overcoming them!* Cursing Termiboros inwardly, Lumian pressed on
with even more determination.

In the subsequent encounters, similar challenges arose multiple times.
Yet, armed with experience, they refrained from resisting or attempting
escape. They resisted the impulse to aid their companions.

Lumian and the others, focused on their path, ran straight using the
black pillar as a guide. Occasionally, they bypassed obstacles.

Finally, the black pillar loomed not far ahead.

Simultaneously, Lumian, Anthony, and the rest were astonished to find
that the imminent danger, on the verge of colliding with them, had
mysteriously vanished.

No, it hadn't disappeared. It was now behind Lumian and the
group---distant!

Running toward danger results in moving away from it? Just like the
pale-black stone brick area in the wilderness, the direction here is
twisted and chaotic? Amid Lumian's surprise, he didn't glance back, nor
did he pause to celebrate. He persisted, sprinting toward the black
pillar.

Had he not set a resolute example, Franca and Jenna might have turned
around. Nonetheless, they pressed forward, a sense of relief mingling
with lingering fear.

After covering dozens of meters, the quartet reached the square where
the black pillar stood.

The ground was paved with pale-black stone bricks, and numerous
grayish-white stone pillars lay in ruins, only a few remnants remaining.

Compared to the black pillars, these "surviving" grayish-white stone
pillars were as inconspicuous as ants.

The colossal black pillar surpassed even the Krismona Night Pillar
Lumian had witnessed on the third level of the catacombs. It stretched
into the sky, seeming to burn with formless flames, its destination
shrouded in mystery.

The scene brought to Lumian's mind the pale-black stone bricks in the
wilderness outside and the numerous grayish-white stone pillars in the
vicinity, but nothing akin to the black pillar.

*Had the Night Pillar in the wilderness collapsed and been destroyed?
Did that event lead to the old bones crawling out, causing the
corruption in Building 13 on Avenue du Marché? Was it then mended by
constructing the catacombs and relocating countless corpses?*
Lumian ventured a guess based on these thoughts.

Franca and Jenna surveyed the square ahead, observing that the area
surrounding the black pillar had sunk into the ground. Below, there
seemed to be white magma flowing, and faint black tentacles lurked.

Though there were no explicit warnings of danger, Lumian and the others
sensed that this might be even more dangerous than the entity they had
previously encountered.

Next to the black pillar stood a 1.78-meter-tall snowman. Its frosty
face, cracked to form eyes, nose, and mouth, lacked ears.

As Lumian's gaze nonchalantly swept across the snowman, it abruptly
froze.

He noticed a dark stain on the snowman's right eye, as if it wore a
monocle.

*Amon?* Lumian startled, a desire to flee taking hold.

At that moment, Termiboros's majestic voice echoed in his ears.

*"It's dead."*

*Dead...* Lumian breathed a sigh of relief.

It made sense. Amon, a nobleman of the Fourth Epoch's Tudor Empire,
wouldn't be exempt from the casualties of the divine war. It was
plausible that dozens, even hundreds of avatars perished back then.
Retrieving them might not have been feasible in the circumstances.

For some reason, Lumian detected a trace of joy in Termiboros's concise
words.

Observing the snowman, Anthony suddenly felt his forehead heat up, and
his breath turned hot. His Spirit Body rapidly weakened.

"I'm infected," he calmly informed his companions.

*Ailment...* Lumian glanced at the black pillar again.

*Could this be the true form of the Krismona Night Pillar?*

*Even the figurine of the Primordial Demoness can't stem the corruption
of ailments in this place?*

Franca's heart skipped a beat as she instructed Jenna, "Take out that
figurine."

Simultaneously, she reached into her pocket and pulled out the
Primordial Demoness figurine crafted from bone.

After Jenna handed her the black one, Franca motioned for Anthony to
come closer and observed his expression.

"How do you feel now?"

"It seems better. I'm... I'm getting better." Anthony scrutinized his
physical condition earnestly.

Franca smiled.

"I knew it. How could Jenna and I be fine, but you're sick?

"Looks like we have to maintain a certain distance from the figurines."

As soon as she finished speaking, blazing white Fire Ravens soared out
from behind the black pillar, hurtling toward them.

Then, a figure emerged. It was Gardner Martin, attired in a black formal
suit and yellow vest, an unusual sight.

His gaze fixed on the black figurine in Jenna's hand and the bone statue
in Franca's, revealing a longing expression.