---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1963
index: 492
section: vol3
slug: 492
title: Pride
---

## Chapter 492: Pride

Red Angel Medici stood unfazed amidst the onslaught from Snarner, Diest,
and the other formidable adversaries. His focus unwavering, He channeled
His conquering will to subdue Vermonda Sauron, wielding a broadsword
ablaze with purple flames, ready to cleave through the menacing foe.

Seizing the opportune moment, with the uncontrollable Calamity Giant at
its weakest, Medici aimed to deliver the final, fatal blow!

Suddenly, a radiant light burst forth before the eyes of Snarner, Diest,
and the rest. It was pure sunlight, banishing the darkness and cleansing
the surroundings of filth and the stench of blood. The two Angels, now
in their Mythical Creature forms, appeared as if exposed to the
brilliance of the sun at close range.

From within the luminous glow emerged a holy and beautiful woman, draped
in a white robe adorned with golden threads---Trier's guardian angel,
Saint Viève!

She shielded the Red Angel from the relentless attacks of the other
powerhouses.

Simultaneously, Medici, clad in blood-stained black armor, descended
like a mountain. Plunging the purple broadsword into Vermonda Sauron's
skull, which showed signs of melting under the intense sunlight, Medici
marked the decisive moment in the battle.

*Boom!*

The implosion absorbed the surrounding flames, hurricanes, lightning,
hail, and sunlight into the Calamity Giant's colossal form. The once
tumultuous wilderness now stood cleansed, except for the remnants of
invisible flames in the sky and a vast golden vortex.

*Boom!*

Reaching its limit, the implosion rapidly expanded, unleashing a barrage
of projectiles. A violent hurricane tore through Vermonda Sauron's
charred skeleton, casting darkness upon the once brightly illuminated
landscape.

A torrential downpour accompanied by countless bolts of lightning and
thunderclaps ensued, marking the demise of an Angel---a Conqueror.

Snarner, Diest, and the other powerhouses, breaking through Saint
Viève's obstruction, witnessed the scene unfold. Vermonda Sauron's body
disintegrated, and Red Angel Medici, now in the form of a Mythical
Creature, brandished His purple-flamed broadsword. He turned
disdainfully, mocking those who dared challenge Him.

Snarner Einhorn narrowed His eyes, evaluating the situation. Swiftly
transforming into a blaze, He ascended into the air, disappearing into
the colossal vortex of formless flames.

Realizing that even with the support of the Iron and Blood Cross Order,
victory against Red Angel and Saint Viève was unattainable, He chose to
retreat.

The former was undoubtedly a Sequence 1 Conqueror. Moreover, in this
unique setting, He appeared capable of tapping into the formidable power
hidden within the Fourth Epoch Trier to some extent!

In that situation, He'd fall back and escape if needed; otherwise, He
could meet His end right here!

Snarner dashed into the massive vortex in midair, while Diest morphed
into a beam of light and shot into the sky. He raced out of the
wilderness with Tony Twain, chasing after the Einhorn family's Weather
Warlock.

As Angels of the Hunter pathway, Their judgments and choices were
strikingly similar.

Red Angel Medici, observing Their departure, chuckled and muttered to
Himself, "The heroic escape of your descendant is reminiscent of yours
many years ago."

His attention then turned to Saint Viève with a smile.

"Now, we can proceed to the final part of the plan and eliminate the
bestowed of the Outer Deities."

Saint Viève nodded in agreement, emitting a blazing light as She flew
towards Fourth Epoch Trier, enveloped in a shroud of gray fog.

___

In the depths of Fourth Epoch Trier, alongside a wall-like grayish-white
fog, Bernadette Gustav, the eldest daughter of Emperor Roselle, fixated
Her gaze on a seal adorned with countless mysterious symbols.

In Her palm, a faint golden figure materialized once more through the
viscous light emanating from a golden lamp that resembled a miniature
lamp.

It said to Bernadette, "Take another step forward and find a monster to
'replace' your wish using the method I told you. I can use
Under-the-table Transaction to help you obtain something from here to
counterbalance the corruption affecting your father."

Bernadette remained steadfast, not advancing. Calmly, she responded, "I
entered this place to analyze the seal and understand how the various
corruptions have intricately balanced themselves through years of
mergers and confrontations. That sigh was merely an unexpected bonus."

"Time is of the essence. If you don't act more assertively, once the
Mother Goddess of Depravity breaches the barrier, your father will truly
transform into a monster," warned the distorted, blurry, pale-golden
figure.

Undeterred, Bernadette continued absorbing knowledge related to the
seal, her focus unwavering.

The pale-golden figure fell silent and retreated into the peculiar lamp
without making further persuasion.

___

Gardner Martin's head, donned with a silver-white helmet, soared into
the air, carrying his blood-soaked spine with it.

Glancing down, he witnessed a broadsword of light materializing in his
hand.

He---no, his body could use the Pride Armor's Hurricane of Light again!

However, this time, the target appeared to be him---specifically, his
head!

*Is this the traitorous curse? My own body turning against my head...
Why another betrayal? Could it be linked to constant wearing of the
Pride Armor?* Gardner Martin's pupils dilated, fear gripping his
heart.

In a desperate attempt to mitigate the impending impact of the Hurricane
of Light, he condensed numerous crimson, almost white fireballs. The
explosions around him aimed to lessen the force of the onslaught.
Simultaneously, he sank his consciousness into his glabella, seeking a
connection with the great will, praying for its protective intervention.

___

Beside the shattered corpse of Vermonda Sauron, Red Angel Medici
extended His right hand, observing as a beam of light, reminiscent of
iron and blood, emanated from the Conqueror's body. It landed on the
damaged skull cradled in His palm.

In that moment, Gardner Martin's desperate shout and plea reached Him.

Red Angel chuckled dismissively, paying no heed to the pawn that had
served its purpose and was now deemed expendable.

Gardner Martin had not submitted to the great will from the depths of
Fourth Epoch Trier but to Red Angel Himself!

Over the past few years, Red Angel Medici had lurked in the shadows,
orchestrating a scheme to obtain the Sauron family's lost Sequence 1
Conqueror Beyonder characteristic. Leveraging His uniqueness and level,
He assisted numerous members of the Iron and Blood Cross Order in
maintaining their lucidity and rationality in the face of corruption at
13 Avenue du Marché. They did not transform into monsters but were only
slightly affected.

Using His uniqueness, Medici disguised Himself as a great will from the
depths of Fourth Epoch Trier, He manipulated the Iron and Blood Cross
Order members to grasp the underground situation and pinpoint Vermonda
Sauron's exact location.

During this process, He uncovered the issue with the Mirror People but
refrained from interference, pushing the plan forward. His intention was
to involve Trier's evil god bestowed and utilize them to divert the
attention of other factions while extracting corresponding special value
and uncovering hidden problems.

As the plan unfolded, Philip informed Gardner Martin about Lumian Lee,
who had undoubtedly prayed to the great will.

Seizing this opportunity, Red Angel Medici refined the plan, bestowing
Gardner Martin with a divine vision. This allowed him to acquire
significant mysticism knowledge and "conceive" the Hostel ritual.

The ritual, designed to create minimal disturbance and increase the
chances of success, aimed to "fool" Trier's most formidable evil god
bestowed into Fourth Epoch Trier. The ultimate goal: capture them all
and purify them in one fell swoop!

Observing the Beyonder characteristic rapidly condense in His hand, Red
Angel Medici raised His gaze to the gradually shrinking golden vortex.

The smile on His face, adorned with decaying wounds, deepened.

Whether it was the Hostel plan or the original strategy involving the
special mirror world, both required the cooperation of a faction and the
assistance of a true god.

Enter the Eternal Blazing Sun!

*Indeed, how can the sun, intolerant of darkness, filth, and humbleness,
genuinely collaborate with the Mother, the symbol of depravity and
evil?*

*Having ascended to godhood and abandoned His original Lord in the past,
He had chosen this path precisely because He refused to submit to
another deity. Why would He now bow to the Mother Goddess of Depravity,
an Outer Deity, a different entity altogether?*

*His needs and acknowledgments were reserved for a collaborator. And I
willingly embraced this role. Even if I were to become a Great Old One
in the future, I vowed to honor this agreement and stand together in
defense as a collaborator.*

*With the Ruler of War's divine spot vacant and Cheek in dire straits, I
emerged as the most likely candidate to ascend to true godhood and
attain the status of a Great Old One in a short span.*

*The Sun didn't repent or return to the original Lord's side, nor did He
submit to the Mother Goddess of Depravity who reigned above the gods.
Instead, He chose the path of enduring pressure and facing the worst
possible outcome to support a new Great Old One.*

This decision may have seemed nearly the worst, yet He embraced it
wholeheartedly.

Because He is the proud Sun.

Through the golden vortex, the Red Angel's gaze surveyed the gradually
calming storm above Trier, noting a significant decrease in the
frequency of lightning.

His smile grew even more smug.

*As expected, Tyrant and the old dragon have grasped the entirety of the
situation. They are no longer seizing the opportunity to confront the
Sun, rendering the entity that had inherited most of the original Lord's
legacy effectively useless.*

*They, too, yearn for the emergence of a new Great Old One.*

Red Angel Medici directed His gaze to His palm, where an iron-black
object, resembling a blood-stained crown, was on the verge of taking
shape.

Recollections of past events and the betrayal He had only comprehended a
few years ago flooded His mind. It all stemmed from His unwavering
loyalty to that Lord of 2,401 years.

His choice was unforgiving. He chose to collaborate with the Eternal
Blazing Sun.

This was because He was also a proud King of Angels, once the most loyal
Red Angel.

As the Sequence 1 Conqueror Beyonder characteristic fully condensed,
Medici chuckled and declared, "The curse of your useless descendants can
end now."

He pressed the blood-stained iron crown, formed by the broken skull in
His hand, between His eyebrows and devoured it without concocting a
potion.

Vermonda Sauron's blood and shattered corpse, scattered across the
wilderness, seemed to come alive, pouring into the Red Angel's body like
a torrent.