---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 1967
index: 496
section: vol4
slug: 496
title: Sin
---

## Chapter 496: Sin

Lumian commented nonchalantly towards Franca's suggestion, "That works
too. In the future, if anyone wants to use this armor, I'll 'teleport'
it to you. What's this called? It's called Ciel Postal Service. It'll be
delivered immediately!"

After joking, he approached the Pride Armor standing beside the coffee
table and began stuffing its silver-white glove into the opening of the
Traveler's Bag.

With this motion, the towering full-body armor shrank into the small
black cloth bag.

As long as one part of an item could enter a Traveler's Bag, it could
pass through the opening regardless of its size, as long as it didn't
exceed the space within. Typically, flesh and blood infused with
vitality couldn't be stored in a Traveler's Bag.

Considering these factors, Lumian's initial thought upon obtaining the
Beyonder item and its "explanation manual" was that it could be used to
conceal a corpse.

"How magical..." Jenna watched the scene unfold with envy.

Despite attending numerous mysticism gatherings, she had never
encountered such an item. The closest thing she knew was the world
inside a painting.

Lumian concealed his Traveler's Bag beneath his clothes, a smile playing
on his lips. Addressing Anthony and Jenna, he remarked, "After this
incident, you ought to know Franca and I are backed by a secret
organization. It's not the Iron and Blood Cross Order or the Demoness
Sect. So, what do you say? Interested in joining? If not, I'll need you
to sign a confidentiality agreement or swear a binding oath of secrecy."

Having heard Lumian and Franca discuss the secret organization and
knowing that they genuinely believed in Mr. Fool, Jenna was familiar
with the tarot card code name. Having received The Fool's response, her
decision was swift.

"I'm in."

Anthony Reid pondered in silence for a moment before inquiring, "Does
your organization follow some hidden entity?"

"It's an orthodox god," Lumian responded, addressing Anthony's unspoken
concerns. "If you doubt me, I can show you the cathedral."

Observing Lumian's expression, Anthony confirmed the sincerity.

The Psychiatrist let out a bitter laugh and admitted, "Then I don't have
an issue. My past experiences and this incident have taught me that I'm
still too feeble to prevent such a catastrophe. Even if it stands right
beside me, I can only watch as myself and those around me plummet into
the abyss."

For Anthony, joining a secret organization seemed like a pragmatic
choice to strengthen himself---especially one that followed an orthodox
god.

As a believer of the God of Steam and Machinery, Anthony had carefully
considered it. He realized that the Church's scriptures lacked any
mention of animosity between orthodox gods, unlike the Eternal Blazing
Sun Church, which perpetually preached hatred towards the Lord of Storms
and the God of Knowledge and Wisdom.

In other words, his faith wouldn't hinder Anthony from joining such a
secret organization.

Without waiting for Lumian and Franca's response, Anthony grinned
self-deprecatingly and admitted, "I originally planned to head back to
the West Midseashire Coast, live in the countryside, but now I'm worried
I can't escape the looming catastrophe. Just like those in the market
district, who'd willingly dance on the edge of life and death amidst
repeated abnormalities? Yet, their wills and desires are futile.

"From what I've seen, catastrophes are becoming more frequent."

Lumian mocked his companion.

"You've turned into a nag after your mental illness got sorted."

He continued, "We'll hash out the details once you confirm your Major
Arcana card and get your mission assignment."

Jenna pursed her lips, a dark expression crossing her face.

"I actually kinda like living in the market district..."

It seemed like she needed to leave this place.

A soft chuckle escaped Lumian's lips.

"This is, in fact, protection for the market district. Hunters and
Demonesses always bring catastrophe."

*Always bring catastrophe, even if they don't do anything?*
Jenna's eyes narrowed as she sank into deep thought.

"Fuck off! You're the only one like this!" Franca cursed, a mix of
irritation and amusement.

*In the past few months, most catastrophes in the market district had
orbited around Ciel. What did it have to do with Jenna and me?*

*Wouldn't that prove that 007 was right?*

After discussing other matters, Lumian and Franca stepped out of 3 Rue
des Blouses Blanches into the morning sun. One headed for Psychic's
headquarters on Rue Scheer in Avenue du Boulevard, while the other made
her way to Trocadéro.

Lumian opted for a four-wheeled, two-seater rental carriage instead of
the usual public carriage.

Outside the carriage window, street vendors hawked Whiskey Sour,
meatloaf, freshwater fish, onion bread, spicy sauce, soybean paste, and
various other items. Passersby either paused to make a purchase or
briskly moved on. Some were clad as clerks, others in an array of
differently colored workers' uniforms.

After the riot of the previous night and the apocalyptic downpour, this
place was once again alive with activity.

For Lumian, it was reminiscent of the market district of the past, but
now, he was a wanted criminal again---in his identity as Ciel Dubois, a
member of the Iron and Blood Cross Order and a leader of the Savoie Mob.

Salle de Bal Brise and the other establishments had undoubtedly been
seized by the police headquarters. The Iron and Blood Cross Order's grip
on the market district had almost been eradicated.

Lumian found it regrettable as it meant losing a stable source of
income.

However, after taking Ludwig in the previous night and informing Madam
Magician about the information, he intentionally returned to Salle de
Bal Brise before the chaos settled. He secured 30,000 verl d'or from the
safe, bringing his total to 75,000 verl d'or and 1,000 gold.

Lumian's mind wandered as he observed the passersby and listened to the
vendors' pitches.

After "reporting" the previous night's matters to Mr. K and obtaining
the Aurora Order Oracle's approval, he planned to leave Trier for the
Feynapotter Kingdom.

Before embarking on his journey, he had three priorities:

Firstly, he needed to locate Lugano Toscano, who had lost his job again,
and inquire if he was willing to accompany him to the Feynapotter
Kingdom's Port Santa. This Sequence 8 Doctor, often journeying to the
Feynapotter Kingdom, was fluent in highlander. Lumian, knowing only
Intisian and ancient Feysac, risked communication challenges without
him---having to resort to body language.

Secondly, he awaited Jenna and Anthony's Major Arcana card missions to
see if they could collaborate and assist each other.

Thirdly, he planned to use the messenger-related spirit world creature
information that came with the Reaper formula from Madam Magician to
attempt gaining a messenger. This would make future communication with
Franca and others more convenient. Additionally, he had to perform a
ritual to acquire one or two more contractual abilities.

___

On Avenue du Boulevard, at 19 Rue Scheer, beneath the luxurious beige
house, Lumian met Mr. K once again in the basement.

The Oracle, his face concealed in hooded shadows, occupied a red
armchair, his profound gaze fixed on Lumian.

"Last night, I entered Fourth Epoch's Trier," Lumian got straight to the
point, hoping to capture Mr. K's attention.

Mr. K's hooded head nodded. "I know. Tell me the whole story."

You know? Lumian was surprised. He recounted capturing Bouvard Pont-Péro
during his revenge, and the subsequent events of how he, Franca, and
company defeated Mirror Gardner, using the special mirror world to
escape Fourth Epoch Trier.

Throughout the entire narrative, he shared only his experiences,
avoiding any mention of Jenna and the others' encounters or his
speculations. For instance, he omitted details like the fortunate gold
coin or Jenna's prayer to Mr. Fool, stating only that he had
inexplicably entered the world in the painting.

Similarly, he left out many specifics.

Mr. K listened attentively without interrupting Lumian's account.

After Lumian mentioned the elimination of the Iron and Blood Cross
Order's market division and his exposed identity, Mr. K stood up and
spoke in a hoarse voice, "No problem. Feel free to seek my assistance at
any time."

Without awaiting Lumian's response, the Aurora Order Oracle turned
around, knelt, and prostrated himself on the ground.

Mr. K's face pressed tightly against the floor tiles as he muttered to
himself, his thoughts incomprehensible.

Lumian waited in silence, refraining from interrupting Mr. K. The
shadows around him deepened, as if unseen eyes were fixed on him,
sending shivers down his spine.

Yet, he remained unfazed. It seemed normal for individuals from the
Aurora Order to suddenly exhibit erratic behavior.

After an indeterminate period, Mr. K coughed violently, and blood
spurted from the ground.

He looked up and spoke in a deep, frenzied voice, "Oh, merciful Father,
I implore your mercy for my transgressions."

After repeating this three times, Mr. K's face pressed against the
ground again, emitting sounds of chewing and devouring.

After performing these peculiar actions, he stood up and tapped four
times---top, down, left, right---on his chest.

"What happened? Why the repentance?" Lumian asked curiously.

Mr. K rasped, "Our Aurora Order failed to react in time to last night's
catastrophe. Failing to cooperate with you in destroying the ritual was
my dereliction of duty."

"It's not your responsibility," Lumian replied, his lips twitching.

The Tarot Club's actions had primarily propelled the Hostel's plan
forward. It was already commendable for the Aurora Order to swiftly
discern what had occurred. There was no need for Mr. K to repent and
shoulder the blame for the lapse.

Mr. K shook his head. "No matter the reason, failure to act is a sin."

*Do you have to be so responsible... You're just a secret organization,
not fanatical believers of the Eternal Blazing Sun...* Lumian
muttered silently.

As if sensing Lumian's thoughts, Mr. K spread his arms wide and spoke
with abnormal fanaticism, "Because our Aurora Order is born to bear all
sin."

*I think you're being too extreme...* Lumian struggled to
control his expression.