---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 1971
index: 500
section: vol4
slug: 500
title: '"Nonexistent" City'
---

## Chapter 500: "Nonexistent" City

The child of the Primordial Demoness must be born as a woman? Jenna
pondered the Sequence name "Witch" and began to grasp its significance.

A god's offspring can't be just ordinary, and being a Sequence 9 or 8
from birth seems impossible, doesn't it?

"Alright," Jenna agreed.

Upon joining the Tarot Club, her initial mission didn't require her to
part ways with her companions or expose herself to unnecessary risks,
bringing a sense of comfort.

Madam Judgment responded with a smile, saying, "Allow me to update you
on the Tarot Club's current situation..."

___

After Anthony Reid left Apartment 601 at 3 Rue des Blouses Blanches, the
exhaustion of a sleepless night hit him hard.

As a Psychiatrist, his physical condition hadn't improved much. Staying
awake until dawn and enduring severe injuries took a toll. Surviving
with the help of the blood-sucking obsidian arrow had left him weakened,
having lost a significant amount of blood. Subsequent intense battles
and relentless running had drained his stamina, leaving him naturally
fatigued and yearning for a bed.

At times like these, he couldn't help but envy the Hunters. Lumian, just
one Sequence higher, hadn't slept either. Despite being the main force
in both battles, he showed no signs of weariness, appearing energetic
enough to take on Gardner Martin once more.

Pressing on, Anthony Reid turned onto Rue Anarchie, entering a
brownish-gray house and reaching a corner on the third floor.

This was his safe house, an apartment vacant for a long time.

He believed it unsafe to rent from a landlord or broker for a safe
house. Any interaction risked betrayal and tracking. Leveraging his
identity as an information broker, he identified unused or abandoned
apartments in the market district. If things went awry, he could choose
a random one to hide without making contact.

Dusty bed and moldy blanket didn't bother Anthony. He collapsed and
quickly succumbed to sleep.

In the hazy dream, clarity and rationality returned suddenly.

Ahead, Avenue du Marché unfolded, a café bustling with patrons and
thriving.

Following his peculiar intuition, Anthony Reid passed a golden retriever
at the café's entrance and arrived at Booth D by the window.

A lady in a light-green and white dress sat there. Anthony sensed he
should see her face clearly, one capable of leaving a stunning
impression, but a clear mental image eluded him.

It was as if all the information had been gathered, but his brain or
Body of Heart and Mind struggled to process it.

"Good morning. I'm Justice," the lady introduced herself in a gentle
voice, carrying a hint of briskness.

*Justice...* Anthony had already learned from Lumian and Franca
that the secret organization they belonged to was the Tarot Club.
Members used tarot cards as code names, with Major Arcana card holders
representing key demigod members, and Minor Arcana card holders as
peripheral members under the different Major Arcana cards.

Justice was undoubtedly a Major Arcana card.

"Are you going to be my Major Arcana card holder?" Anthony asked
respectfully, taking a seat across from her.

Justice smiled.

"You can also choose to switch. It's not that fate can't be changed.

"Of course, some entities don't think so."

The Major Arcana card opposite him was friendly, not imposing at all.
She even initiated a joke, easing Anthony's tense heart.

He exhaled quietly and said, "I can draw a card now."

As he finished speaking, a stack of tarot cards appeared in front of
him.

Anthony habitually selected one from the middle and placed it on the
table.

The Minor Arcana card revealed: a man carrying a sword sitting beneath
three hanging swords.

Four of Swords!

"You've already unburdened your heart. The remaining rest and
preparation are for propelling yourself further into the future. As a
Psychiatrist, this card signals you to be vigilant about your mind at
all times. We can shoulder new burdens at any moment, and it's crucial
to know how to accept, accommodate, and resolve them," Madam Justice
interpreted the Minor Arcana card.

A stack of tarot cards appeared in front of her, noticeably less than
before.

With casual ease, she drew a card and placed it at the center of the
table.

The card portrayed an impartial goddess seated on a stone chair,
wielding a sword and scales---the Justice card from the Major Arcana!

Pushing the Justice card toward Anthony, she smiled and said, "You have
two missions now. First, collaborate with the Two of Cups to eliminate
Mirror People and investigate the Demoness Sect's predicament. Second,
make contact with a covert organization known as the Psychology
Alchemists..."

*Psychology Alchemists...* Anthony mulled over the name.

After laying out the missions, Justice inquired, "Did they brief you on
the specifics of the great existence we're following and the Tarot
Club?"

"All I know is that you follow an orthodox god named The Fool and use
tarot cards as code names, following His name," Anthony honestly
replied.

Before formally joining the Tarot Club, Lumian and Franca had kept
details scarce.

Justice chuckled.

"Then allow me to introduce you to our beacon and savior, the great Mr.
Fool..."

Her tone held a touch of joy.

___

After leaving Lugano Toscano's secure hideout, Lumian took a carriage to
Quartier du Jardin Botanique. He navigated the street named Rue des
Pavés in the market district and entered the safe house he had leased
earlier.

Ludwig sat on the sofa, engrossed in a novel and indulging in dessert.
Lumian glanced at him, sneering, "Escaping the Church of Knowledge
doesn't mean you should stoop to reading novels only!"

Ludwig diverted the conversation. "Someone of ill temper sent you a
letter. It's in the bedroom."

"Ill-tempered?" Lumian furrowed his brow.

"The one in the golden dress, like a doll," Ludwig replied, not
bothering to look up. Midway, he paused to savor a bite of carrot cake,
a specialty from the Loen Kingdom.

*Madam Magician's messenger...* Lumian asked in puzzlement, "Why
did she lose her temper at you?"

"I saw her and had a little spat with her," Ludwig replied nonchalantly.

*Just an argument? She didn't string you up for a beating?*
Lumian muttered silently as he entered the bedroom and picked up the
folded letter from the desk.

This letter differed from the one that had previously rewarded him. It
primarily addressed Lumian's inquiries after acquiring the 0-01
information.

"This seems to be a hint from the Church of Knowledge.

"If you can attain a high position, they are willing to offer some
assistance. They might even tacitly permit you to take possession of the
Sealed Artifact.

"However, there are two prerequisites. Firstly, you must achieve the
status of a Sequence 4 Saint at the very least, possessing godhood and
the qualifications to step onto the chessboard. Secondly, you must have
a method to transport that Sealed Artifact without causing harm to the
surrounding humans and the environment.

"If you fail to meet these two conditions, the Church of Knowledge won't
extend clear support.

"There's also a contradiction for becoming a demigod and how those more
formidable than Sequence 5 are unable to approach 0-01. Perhaps there's
a hidden message here, suggesting that after proving your ability to
advance to Sequence 4, but before consuming the potion through a ritual,
entering the City of Exiles, Morora, and approaching 0-01 is the next
step. Leave a mark or achieve something to lay the groundwork for
controlling it when you advance to a higher Sequence.

"As for their specific expectations, I cannot discern them at the
moment.

"In simple terms, if you demonstrate and prove your potential, the
Church of Knowledge is willing to support your bid for the Red Priest
position, competing against Red Angel Medici. Does that surprise you?
Are you excited?"

*Surprise? More like shock!* Lumian had never truly entertained
the idea of becoming a true god.

Despite not being a devout believer, he had grown up in a society
influenced by such beliefs. His exposure to the mystical world was
relatively recent, making the notion of "I too can become a god; I also
want to become a god" unlikely.

As for the terror and might of Red Angel Medici, Lumian had witnessed it
in Fourth Epoch Trier.

The prospect of becoming enemies with such a formidable entity and vying
for the Red Priest's deity position instinctively struck him as absurd
and meaningless.

*What's the fundamental difference between this and Aurore's jest during
combat class, claiming you've mastered basic combat techniques and can
now slay a god?*

As these thoughts raced through his mind, Lumian suddenly muttered to
himself, *If I become a true god, can I resurrect Aurore...*

After a moment of silence, he smiled self-deprecatingly and said, "Even
deities can perish, and may not be resurrected."

*Madam Magician mentioned that the betrayal curse of the Pride Armor
stems from the aversion and hatred of a deity before Their demise...
However, according to the information she provided, the Pride Armor
first appeared at the end of the all-out war in the Northern Continent.
Did a true god perish back then?*

*The abilities of the Pride Armor clearly belong to the Warrior
pathway... The one who perished was the God of War? But in the Feysac
Empire, the Church of the God of Combat is still fine. Uh, that's what
the newspapers, magazines, and merchants said...*

Lumian pondered for a moment but couldn't come to a conclusion. He
shifted his gaze back to the letter.

"I never intended for you to pursue the Red Priest's deity position,
actually. I believed that with an Angel sealed within you and a changed
fate, there was a chance for you to become a High-Sequence Beyonder.
Now, follow your heart's desires. Our Tarot Club is here to support you.

"However, there's something to be cautious about:

"I went to Lenburg and consulted a few local scholars known for their
knowledge, but none of them have heard of the City of Exiles, Morora.

"In the eyes of ordinary people and even the lower- and middle-class
clergymen of the Church of Knowledge, this city is nonexistent and
unrecorded."