---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 1974
index: 503
section: vol4
slug: 503
title: Penitent
---

## Chapter 503: Penitent

Franca attempted summoning five different spirit world creatures.
Despite her successful summonings, none of the spirit world creatures
were willing to sign a contract and become her messenger.

The repeated failures struck her hard, and her disappointment and
frustration were evident from her blank expression.

Nevertheless, she didn't let her emotions dictate her actions.
Undeterred, she proceeded to summon the remaining 24 spirit world
creatures.

The situation was becoming increasingly clear---success, if achievable,
would happen in the first few attempts!

Jenna glanced at the disappointed Franca.

"Give it a try when your Sequence is higher."

Franca grumbled, "When I reach a higher Sequence, I might use a mirror
and the mirror world to send messages. Why would I need a messenger? Why
aren't there any spirit world creatures tempted by a Demoness's charm
and willing to become a messenger?"

Lumian let out a chuckle.

"I've seen something similar in the information about spirit world
creatures. Would you like to give it a try?"

Despite her reluctance to admit defeat, Franca remained pragmatic. She
cursed, "Forget it, forget it. Such spirit world creatures are
definitely dangerous. All they can think about is dragging a Demoness
into the spirit world. Even delivering a letter will help me turn my
friend into an enemy."

Seeing that she had calmed down, Anthony Reid, a fellow novice in
ritualistic magic, made his attempt.

Like Franca, he too faced a series of challenges. Five attempts were
made, with two summoning failures and three unsuccessful contract
formations.

"Looks like I can't have a messenger for the time being," Anthony sighed
with a bitter smile.

Franca's emotions eased significantly.

She wasn't alone in facing difficulties.

"Which one do you want to summon?" she asked Lumian curiously.

"The coolest one." Lumian, maintaining an air of nonchalance, sanctified
the ritual silver dagger and recreated the spiritual barrier.

Focusing on the burning candle flames, he took steps back, alternating
between ancient Hermes and Hermes.

"I!

"I summon in my name:

"A creature wandering above the world, the penitent who awakens from the
flames of pain, a friendly person corrupted by darkness."

This summoning incantation, unique information from Madam Magician,
deviated from the norm. It wasn't just a spirit but a creature wandering
above the world. The latter descriptions combined encounters and
characteristics, adding an intriguing layer to the summoning.

Lumian found the temperament and style of this particular creature
impressive and decided to make it his first attempt. He sought a
messenger capable of delivering a letter and traversing the spirit
world, indifferent to other considerations. Why not choose the coolest
one?

As the incantation echoed, the candle flame expanded, acquiring a
dark-green hue bordering on black.

With each intensifying flicker, a figure materialized.

It was a tall, human-like being dressed in deep-black robes reminiscent
of the Eternal Blazing Sun Church clergy.

However, his exposed face and limbs bore the marks of prolonged
incineration, leaving only bones and charred flesh. Empty eye sockets
glowed with dark flames, while strange, viscous black flames lingered,
causing perpetual pain to the spirit.

Lumian gazed at the Penitent and asked in ancient Hermes, "Are you
willing to become my messenger?"

Responding in ancient Feysac, the source of several Northern Continent
languages, the Penitent offered a condition,

"If you're not concerned about being implicated by me and slowly
slipping into the darkness, I can help you deliver letters."

No compensation, but there's latent danger? Since Madam Magician
provided the Penitent's information, it means I can bear it... Lumian,
who had too much mysticism "debt" to worry about, smiled and said,

"That depends on whether you and darkness can win the tug-of-war. No
problem. I was mentally prepared for this before summoning you."

This time, he switched to ancient Feysac to communicate with the other
party. After all, it was quite troublesome to use ancient Hermes, which
could stir the power of nature, to say so much.

Soon, he drafted the contract and penned the four-line mysticism
description representing the Underworld's representative as witness.

Illuminated by ancient Hermes words engulfed in ghastly green flames,
Lumian fixed the summoning incantation to: "A creature wandering above
the world, the penitent who awakens from the flames of pain, a messenger
that belongs solely to Lumian Lee."

Lumian didn't adopt a code name like Jenna and the Knight of Swords.
After all, those who knew about his messenger might not know that he was
a Minor Arcana card holder of the Tarot Club. This was the
self-cultivation of a veteran spy, and it didn't matter if Lumian Lee's
name and corresponding background were known.

With his name penned down, Lumian witnessed the yellowish-brown goatskin
fly towards the black-robed Penitent.

The Penitent signed his name: Baynfel.

The ghastly green flames intertwined, consuming the contract and
seamlessly merging with the spirit world.

Curious about his new messenger, Lumian queried Penitent Baynfel, "What
are you penitent about?"

However, Baynfel remained silent, and a viscous black flame descended
from his body, disappearing into the soil.

Despite Lumian's persistent questioning, Baynfel kept his silence.

Lumian chuckled and remarked, "Very good. All hairdressers should learn
from you," before concluding the summoning.

After he dismantled the wall of spirituality, Franca looked at him with
a resentful expression.

"You succeeded on the first try?"

"I succeeded on the first try." Lumian lacked any evident joy, as if he
was talking about something ordinary.

Perplexed and unable to let go of her own failures, Franca questioned,
"Why? Why aren't Anthony and I popular with the spirit world creatures?
Why?"

It had to be said that the Demoness of Pleasure was quite charming.
Seeing Franca like this, Ascetic Lumian wanted to walk up to her, raise
his right hand, and flick her forehead.

It made him want to bully her!

He pondered for a moment.

"I roughly understand the reason. Being a Minor Arcana card holder of
the Tarot Club increases our chances of successfully summoning special
spirit world creatures. Even a Psychiatrist like Anthony succeeded
several times during his first ritualistic magic.

"However, to gain their favor or obedience, you need a higher level, a
special pathway, or something related to Mr. Fool. For example, Jenna's
lucky gold coin and Mr. Fool's power on me."

A sudden realization struck Lumian.

*If that's the reason, does the Knight of Swords, who also possesses a
messenger, have something similar?*

"I see!" Franca, buoyed by this insight, regained confidence.

It wasn't that there was a problem with her; she simply lacked a "prop."

She then looked at Jenna, contemplating whether to borrow the lucky gold
coin to complete the messenger contract.

Franca eventually dismissed the idea. There was a significant mysticism
difference between "ownership" and "loaning." She was afraid that Jenna
wouldn't be able to handle it if she were to give it and take it back in
the future without a unique opportunity.

*Phew...* Franca exhaled and was about to inquire when Lumian
planned to leave Trier and how, when she noticed her companion's
inexplicable silence and a hint of dejection.

"What's the matter?" Franca inquired, concerned.

"Nothing." Lumian shook his head.

He suddenly remembered that Aurore had once yearned for a messenger.

Anthony glanced at Lumian, but no words were exchanged. Jenna brought up
the Purifiers' Deacon Angoulême's proposal to purchase the Pride Armor,
prompting Lumian to fall into a brief silence before chuckling.

"I'll decide after some time."

Despite recognizing the danger of the Pride Armor, Lumian acknowledged
its formidable power. It could pose a threat to all Beyonders below the
demigod level. If wearing it was the key to defeating Loki and other key
members of April Fool's, Lumian wouldn't hesitate to use it, prepared to
face the consequences.

Lumian wouldn't give up on the Sealed Artifact just because it was
dangerous, until he eliminated all those scoundrels or until he was too
strong for Pride Armor.

"Alright," Franca inquired, "Are you leaving Trier tomorrow? Will you
take a boat, a steam locomotive, or seek the spirit world's coordinates
from Madam Magician and 'teleport' there?"

Lumian chuckled.

"All of them are possible. I'll decide tomorrow. Let's see what fate has
in mind."

Franca muttered, "When did you learn to act all mysterious..."

___

After bidding farewell to his three companions, Lumian adorned the
silver Lie earring and subtly altered his hair color and appearance.
Making his way down Avenue du Marché into Rue Anarchie, he arrived at
Auberge du Coq Doré's underground bar.

Seemingly unaffected by the previous night's catastrophe, the bar
retained its lively atmosphere. Regular patrons occupied their usual
spots---some singing loudly, others dancing around small round tables,
and a few engaged in gambling with alcohol as stakes.

Charlie, now in a black coat, stood at a small round table,
enthusiastically exclaiming, "You might not know this, but Ciel Dubois
and I are friends. We've been through life and death together! Look,
look, his bounty has been updated to 60,000 verl d'or! What a
substantial sum!"

*You're quite proud of me...* Lumian scoffed and settled at the
bar, ordering a glass of absinthe.

In the midst of the commotion, he silently listened, savoring the bitter
liquor.

Pavard Neeson, the proprietor wiping glasses, noticed the new face and
smilingly inquired, "Have you just arrived in the market district?"

"Yes," Lumian responded in a deep voice.

Pavard Neeson said gently, "You seem to have a story."

Lumian sighed, taking a sip of the dreamy La Fée Verte. With a
self-deprecating smile, he said, "I'm a nobody..."