---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 1980
index: 509
section: vol4
slug: 509
title: Ironclad Merchant Ship
---

## Chapter 509: Ironclad Merchant Ship

*Also possesses the ability to turn spoken words into reality... Before
the Derangement took hold, she acted on instinct, her pale face and
lifeless eyes mirroring the description of Patient Zero by
Pierre.* Lumian delved into the catastrophe's details through
Franca's letter, gaining a deeper understanding.

His speculations, rooted in Pierre's answers and behavior, aligned
closely with the truth.

The divergence lay in Lumian's belief that the initially infected
individual was a genuine lunatic that acted on instinct, while official
information identified her as a humanoid Sealed Artifact, still governed
by instinct, that lacked intelligence whether in her normal state or
deranged state.

Lumian's speculations, however, didn't rule out the possibility that the
young woman had transformed into a true lunatic---one that instinctively
spread Derangement---due to some form of corruption, necessitating her
sealing.

As for why it was a seal and not a direct eradication, Lumian could
roughly guess the reason.

The power to eliminate anyone at will remained highly sought after,
despite certain constraints. Whether it was the Inquisition, the
Machinery Hivemind, or Bureau 8, they all prioritized sealing over
destruction if a viable method existed. Lumian knew they might even
depend on her to handle future crises.

His eyes moved down the letter's contents, absorbing the information.

"As for additional details, confidentiality prevents the source from
providing more."

"Keep a vigilant eye on individuals like her. If you uncover anything
suspicious, immediately distance yourself and report it to the
authorities."

*No specifics about her origins, the sealing technique, the
manifestation of speech, or how to counteract Derangement were provided.
No concrete seal level or number... Despite Dardel's abnormality and
prior descriptions, even if it isn't a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact, it holds
significant and terrifying properties among Grade 2 Sealed
Artifacts...* Lumian pondered briefly, then stowed the letter in
his Traveler's Bag without incinerating it on the spot.

At that moment, Lugano was observing his back in bewilderment.

Despite activating his Spirit Vision, he found nothing.

Lumian's messenger, Penitent Baynfel, had long departed.

"Let's go," Lumian sighed, reaching out to grasp Ludwig and Lugano's
shoulders.

His foremost regret was the wasted third of the 400 verl d'or fare.

He still needed to source different cafés for Ludwig's breakfast; he
couldn't allow him to be satiated from one place to avoid raising
suspicion.

In the next instant, Lugano felt as if he had crossed into the spirit
world he'd just glimpsed. Instead of being a mere observer, he plunged
deeper into layers of saturated colors, bathing in the light of seven
different-colored brilliances overhead. Surrounded by indescribable
faces and figures, he "sped" toward an unknown destination.

Dizziness overcame him, but in just over ten seconds, his feet met solid
ground. Buildings in beige, brownish-red, and light yellow surrounded
him.

Lumian hadn't teleported too far and chose Faust, with Dardel falling
under its jurisdiction.

Under the dawn's light, Lumian adorned the Lie earring and retrieved a
tweed coat from his Traveler's Bag, seamlessly altering his appearance,
height, and attire in a secluded alley.

In less than a minute, he morphed into an entirely different person.

Though not the first time Lugano had witnessed this, he couldn't help
but be slightly shocked by the scene.

*What a mystical item and formidable ability!*

Whether it was the silver earring allowing one to adjust appearance
within a certain range or the coin bag with seemingly infinite capacity,
Lugano had never seen anything like it. Occasionally, he'd heard other
bounty hunters speak of official Beyonders possessing Beyonder-level
disguises.

Lumian tossed the Lie earring to Lugano, casually stating, "Get three
more sets of fake identities and buy steam locomotive tickets that will
arrive in Port Gati today."

*Am I a translator, guide, or your attendant?* Lugano criticized
as he caught the mystical silver earring.

He forced a smile and said, "I've never been to the Faust area, so I
don't know who to find for fake identities."

"The principles are common. I trust your experience," Lumian replied
with a smile.

*Alright, since you're paying...* Lugano muttered silently,
retrieving a change of clothes from his suitcase.

At the Northern Trier Train Station, Lumian had already paid him 1,000
verl d'or for the fake identities and informed him that he would handle
similar expenses in the future.

After Ludwig put on the Lie earring, Lugano left the alley with his
suitcase.

Lumian activated the Niese Face, altering his appearance once more, and
trailed Lugano from afar while holding Ludwig, who was adjusting his
height and appearance.

He wanted to observe the Doctor's actions and reactions in an unfamiliar
place to uncover potential issues.

To prevent Ludwig from protesting, Lumian held down his wide-brimmed hat
and tossed him a few loaves of baguettes.

Ludwig, not clamoring for a hot meal, obediently nibbled on the food as
Lumian pulled him along.

In the early morning, the bars were closed, so Lugano headed to the
nearest market and approached a prowler suspected to be a mobster. Using
money, he bought access and discovered where to obtain fake identities.

Throughout the process, Lugano appeared no different from an ordinary
bounty hunter.

Lumian wasn't disappointed or displeased. He calmly followed Lugano
until he secured a differently scheduled steam locomotive. Only then did
he dispel the Niese Face and rendezvous with his companion.

___

In Port Gati, Upper Coastal Province, Lumian occupied a luxurious hotel
room near the sea.

Standing before the expansive glass window, he observed the azure sky,
seemingly washed in water, contrasting with the clear and pure sea
below, resembling gems.

The clear and melodious calls of gurgling seabirds, accompanied by their
graceful figures, traversed between white clouds, white beaches, and
ship masts. Even without opening the window, Lumian could intuitively
feel the refreshing sea breeze from the sea.

This port, a main entry point for products from industrial cities in the
West Midseashire Coast into the Fog Sea, was famous for trade and
shipbuilding, boasting prosperity.

Contrary to Trieriens' beliefs about scarce sunlight in the north, Port
Gati remained perpetually bathed in sunlight, with autumn maintaining a
mild temperature.

As Ludwig chewed, Lumian admired the seascape and distant harbor,
awaiting Lugano's return with tickets to the Feynapotter Kingdom's Port
Santa.

At that moment, Penitent Baynfel, abnormally tall and clad in a black
clergyman's robe, emerged from the void, silently handing Lumian a
letter.

"Thank you," Lumian acknowledged out of habit before taking the letter
and unfolding it.

"Dardel's Derangement has been contained. They've eliminated the
severely infected residents, treated the slightly infected, but the
Sealed Artifact is nowhere to be found.

"According to the information gathered at the scene, it appears she
returned to normal a few days ago and left Dardel. Her current
whereabouts are unknown. The spreading Derangement resulted from the
severely corrupted sea of minds.

"The townsfolk's abnormal behavior---unwilling to leave Dardel yet keen
on informing passersby about Derangement---likely stems from the
corrupted sea of minds. Anthony's recently learned terminology describes
it as a sea of collective subconscious forming a mind world with the
island of consciousness and the spirituality sky.

"Be cautious in the future; there's a risk of being drawn to another
mystical catastrophe caused by the Sealed Artifact."

*They didn't catch the Sealed Artifact...* Lumian clicked his
tongue, sensing a brewing headache.

Honestly, there was nothing he could do. Upon arriving in Dardel, the
other party had already departed, leaving the catastrophe still
unfolding.

At 3 p.m., Lumian, accompanied by Lugano and Ludwig, boarded the Flying
Bird, a merchant ship bound for the Feynapotter Kingdom's Port Santa.

Opting for a first-class cabin, they secured a suite featuring a master
bedroom, a child's room, a servant's quarters, a living room, and a
washroom. With specialized attendants at their service, they gained
access to the most upscale dining room and the exclusive cigar room. The
cost, a hefty 700 verl d'or, was nearly equivalent to Charlie's annual
income as a hotel attendant.

Money was something Lumian cared about, yet not too much. Past
experiences and his sister's guidance had made him instinctively
calculative, but the relatively "easy" acquisition of money, like the
30,000 verl d'or he obtained from the safe at Salle de Bal Brise,
lessened the sting.

Besides, he already possessed the potion formula, main ingredients, and
supplementary ingredients for his next Sequence, eliminating the
immediate need for accumulating funds.

As a devoted reader of The Adventurer series, Lumian knew of the
numerous human-shaped treasures at sea. If he needed money, he was
willing to imitate his idol and cull them.

The Flying Bird, the latest steam-powered ship, was entirely made of
steel, with no sails but smokestacks emitting fog and masts with
watchtowers.

Iron-gray with intertwining red and gold colors, the ship boasted a wide
deck, numerous gun emplacements, and surpassed classic sailboats in
displacement, passenger capacity, speed, and sturdiness. When compared
to those backward-era fellows, it was like an adult looking down on
children.

Before the Cordu incident, Lumian had considered embarking on a maritime
journey, inspired by the adventurer Gehrman Sparrow, to entice his
sister. However, Aurore had deferred this plan until after his
university graduation.

In the spacious, brightly lit living room of the first-class cabin,
Lumian gazed out the window at the azure sea, lost in thought.

*Ooo!*

Amidst the whistle, mist billowed from the chimneys of the Flying Bird.

The massive iron-armored merchant ship slowly departed Port Gati,
accompanied by the symphony of various machinery starting to operate,
heading into the depths of the sea.

*Squawk! Squawk!* The cries of seabirds reverberated through the
clouds.