---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 1984
index: 513
section: vol4
slug: 513
title: Worry
---

## Chapter 513: Worry

Gozia's gaze instantly turned fervent upon hearing Philip's response,
her admiration evident.

*Have they escaped?* Lumian's lips twitched. The Black Octopus's
abrupt change of course and sudden dive left him speechless.

The maneuver caught him off guard, leaving him frozen for a critical
moment.

*This incredible underwater ship, commanded by a great pirate with a
massive bounty, simply turned tail and fled without even firing a single
cannon?*

*How could one be a pirate with such puny guts?*

*Bone Splitter Basil? With a bounty of 250,000 verl d'or and a fearsome
reputation? Don't even think about showing your face on the high seas
again!*

Lumian cursed under his breath, then frowned thoughtfully. Why had Bone
Splitter Basil fled without revealing himself?

*I could understand if it was the Blood Emperor's aura I activated that
made you run so fast, but why now?*

*It couldn't be that he targeted the wrong ship, did he? The Flying Bird
isn't the merchant vessel he wanted to plunder, so he was rushing to
corner his real prey?*

*Did he somehow sense that hijacking this ship would lead to
disaster?*

*If he truly possessed the power of divination or prophecy, they would
have known not to come. He wouldn't have had to embarrass himself in
front of the crew and passengers, only to turn back and drift
aimlessly...*

*Danger Premonition? A Hunter's danger intuition wouldn't react so
strongly until it's face-to-face with the threat...*

Then it hit him. A Sequence that had him wary for months: Sequence 6
Devil of the Criminal pathway!

Beyonders at this Sequence possessed a unique ability called "Malicious
Perception."

If someone within their range intended to cause them lethal harm and
acted on it within a specific timeframe, they could sense the source of
the danger and identify their attacker.

*Bone Splitter Basil... a Devil? His title and reputation certainly
fit...*

*I had just formulated a hunting plan for him, intending to "teleport"
over after confirming the situation. Did he sense my malice and confirm
the extent of the danger before swiftly deciding to escape?*

*Hey, you're a Devil. Are you running away without a fight? I'm not even
confident in defeating a Devil. Besides, you're on your alchemical boat
with a large number of subordinates around you. You probably don't lack
mystical items. Do you have to be so cowardly?*

*The plan I envisioned had a high success rate, so much so that Basil's
ability to sense danger exceeded his endurance. Therefore, he didn't
take the risk and chose the most effective and safest
response---escape?* The more Lumian pondered, the more he felt
that this guess was close to the truth.

This amused him as well.

To be honest, his plan was quite idealistic. He didn't consider the Bone
Splitter Sequence or the abilities of the surrounding pirates, nor did
he consider how to use the Bottle of Fiction to single out Basil for a
one-on-one battle. All of this depended on his subsequent observations
of the Black Octopus

Hunters might not be the ones who charged forward to fight from the
beginning. They might even be the last to appear and be responsible for
harvesting.

But did such a simple plan and malice scare away a Devil in advance?

Lumian suspected that Basil might not be able to sense the specific
plan. It was only because he had the Angel of Inevitability, the Blood
Emperor's aura, Mr. Fool's seal, and 0-01's mild corruption, regardless
of whether they were powerful or not, that they combined with a feasible
plan and clear malice. It strongly agitated the Bone Splitter, making
him feel that the impending danger was beyond his ability to handle.
Hence, the scene just now.

*Are all Devils so timid?* Lumian cursed silently and left the
deck in disappointment, returning to Room 5 of the first-class cabin.

At that moment, the exclusive attendant had arrived with lunch. Ludwig
focused on the delicacies, while Lugano lingered by the window, his face
filled with excitement.

Upon seeing Lumian's return, the Doctor exclaimed excitedly, "Just now,
a great pirate appeared---Bone Splitter Basil, Admiral Deep Sea Howl
Constantine's most formidable captain. He even operates the Black
Octopus. H-have you heard of the Black Octopus? It's a mystical ship
that can dive to the seabed!"

"I heard it from someone at the bar last night," Lumian replied
honestly.

Prior to this, he didn't know much about Admiral Deep Sea and his pirate
crew. All he knew was that there was such a pirate admiral. After all,
Howl Constantine was quite mysterious and rarely appeared in newspapers
and magazines that recorded sea stories. His only appearance in The
Adventurer series was his title and name, giving him a background
without any plot lines.

Lugano didn't hide his emotions.

"I witnessed the mystical pirate ship with my own eyes. It truly
surfaced from the seabed and can bloom like a flower!

"I thought we'd clash with the Bone Splitter and use your teleportation
abilities to escape. To my surprise, Black Octopus chose to leave after
observing for just over ten seconds."

Over ten seconds? Aren't you looking down on Bone Splitters? It was a
few seconds! Lumian retorted inwardly.

Lugano continued, "When I chatted with a few sailors this morning, they
told me that the Flying Bird's security supervisor is a formidable
retired officer who knows many great pirates. I thought they were
boasting, but from the looks of it, that security supervisor isn't
simple. It's really possible that he has ties to many great pirates.
That's why Bone Splitter Basil didn't plunder the Flying Bird!"

"That's right, that's right," Lumian echoed.

*Rip...* Ludwig tore off the oily skin and meat from a duck leg.

Lumian glanced at the boy, who was engrossed in his food, and suddenly
had a new idea.

*Could the malice and danger that Bone Splitter Basil sensed be more
than one? Could it not be solely from me?*

Ludwig might have swallowed hard upon hearing the word "bone
dismantling"...

*However, even though this walking bottomless stomach when compared to
me appears high-ranking, he lacks the corresponding
abilities...*

___

To celebrate the fact that the Flying Bird hadn't been plundered by the
Black Octopus, the captain hosted a party on the deck in the evening,
featuring clowns, magicians, and beast tamers. He treated everyone to
three glasses of beer.

Late at night, the third-class bar bustled with activity. Philip became
the center of attention, surrounded by nearly all the patrons. They took
turns praising him and treating him to drinks.

They were all grateful to the security supervisor for using his
friendship with Bone Splitter Basil to persuade the great pirate to
leave and prevent the passengers of the Flying Bird from suffering.

Lumian, seated at the bar counter and engaged in conversation with
bartender Francesco, savored the Lanti Proof. His gaze casually swept
across Philip's face, and he noticed a hint of seriousness and worry
beneath the blond-haired, blue-eyed middle-aged man's frivolous smile.

In other words, he wasn't that happy.

*Yes, I'm sure he didn't scare the Black Octopus away... Heh heh, you're
still relatively clear-headed. It's not something to celebrate knowing
that a huge problem approached your ship but abnormally chose to leave.
This often means that there's greater trouble lurking on your
ship...* Lumian chuckled inwardly and averted his gaze. He
continued to converse with bartender Francesco about the beautiful women
in the third-class cabin.

After nearly an hour, Philip squeezed out of the drunken crowd and sat
beside Lumian with his lover, Gozia.

He knocked on the table and ordered a glass of golden beer. Casually, he
said, "You actually enjoy drinking in such a rowdy place."

"The girls here are more enthusiastic than in first class." Lumian could
roughly guess Philip's motive for coming, but he didn't inquire further.

Philip chuckled. "That's true."

Casually, he inquired, "What did you do when the Black Octopus arrived?"

"Don't you remember? I wasn't far from you. Don't you know what I did?"
Lumian replied candidly.

Philip nodded slightly and didn't press further.

Lumian took a sip of liquor and asked with a smile, "Do you think
there's a huge problem on the ship that scared off that little
troublemaker?"

Philip turned his head and glanced at Lumian, not too surprised that he
had made such a connection.

"What are you two talking about?" The tipsy Gozia couldn't quite grasp
the conversation between the two men.

It was as if they were speaking in riddles.

"That's the most logical explanation I can come up with," Philip
replied, ignoring his lover's question.

Lumian asked with interest, "Who do you think is suspicious?"

From yesterday afternoon to noon today, the security supervisor must
have warned many people.

Philip set down his beer mug and massaged his temples.

After some thought, he smiled. "I wanted to tell you, but I don't think
that's necessary now."

"Why?" Lumian inquired curiously.

Philip took another sip of his beer and chuckled.

"As long as that huge problem doesn't erupt on the ship, it won't be a
problem for me.

"As you can see, it hasn't revealed itself and is quietly hiding. This
means that it might just want to reach the archipelago or Port Santa
without a hitch."

At this point, Philip sighed and said with experience, "Many times, when
you see an abnormality, there's no need to care or figure out the truth.
Pretending not to notice and patiently waiting for the abnormality to
leave is the best choice.

"The abnormality that didn't erupt isn't abnormal. Your investigation
and investigation might agitate it, escalating the problem and causing
the catastrophe to truly descend.

"As long as that abnormality doesn't truly harm us, try your best to
maintain reverence and avoid stimulation. That's one of the key reasons
why I've been able to survive at sea until now."

Lumian nodded gently and said, "A relative of mine once mentioned that
in certain events, those who can't see, hear, speak, or smell are more
likely to survive."

Philip smiled and extended his right hand.

"I'm glad you share that understanding."

This was his true motive for coming to talk to Lumian. He wanted Lumian,
who was using a fake identity, not to be curious and try to figure out
the hidden trouble on the ship.

That might implicate the entire ship!

Understanding Philip's meaning, Lumian couldn't help but raise his
eyebrows.

*Does this mean there are other troubles on the ship?*