---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 1997
index: 526
section: vol4
slug: 526
title: Resolution
---

## Chapter 526: Resolution

Batna exclaimed in surprise, "Your blindfolded walk that day was quite
effective..."

The destination was Demon Warlock Burman's next target!

Without waiting for Lumian's response, the adventurer mumbled to himself
in puzzlement, "Are you a Blessed of luck?"

*No, a Blessed of calamity...* Lumian replied inwardly.

As thoughts raced, Batna suddenly formulated a new hypothesis.

*Could this be Demon Warlock Burman himself?*

He had investigated the explosion scene, returning to flaunt his prowess
at the crime scene and blindfolded himself to randomly choose the next
victim!

Such an explanation seemed far more plausible than being blessed with
luck!

Lumian glanced at Batna's Batna's tense expression and smiled.

"Don't tell me you think I'm Burman? How long have I been in Port
Farim?"

*That's exactly it. Something happened the night you first arrived in
Port Farim...* Batna didn't dare vocalize it.

"When the Quartier des Black Pearls exploded, I was still praying in the
cathedral," Lumian said with amusement, providing an alibi.

Batna pondered for a moment and relaxed, but confusion still lingered on
his face.

Lumian sighed and inquired, "Yesterday, I didn't expect to encounter
anything related to the Demon Warlock while walking blindfolded. I just
found it fun."

He spoke the truth.

However, he couldn't shake the suspicion that the corruption caused by
0-01 might be more severe than he had imagined.

Of course, he couldn't rule out the possibility that Trier, a seal from
the Fourth Epoch, had effectively suppressed the preexisting issues
within him.

The excuse of finding it "fun" barely convinced Batna. He felt that
Louis Berry was undoubtedly such a person.

Yet, the other party would sporadically set traps just for the amusement
of it. Anyone treating him as an idiot would end up becoming one!

"Perhaps I was truly blessed by luck yesterday," Lumian concluded.

He then recounted his hypothesis about the Demon Warlock's connection
with Fidel and expressed regret, "Unfortunately, I didn't believe I'm
that lucky."

Lumian's reasoning convinced Batna that Demon Warlock Burman's
continuous evasion and access to resources stemmed from his close
symbiotic relationship with Fidel, a prominent merchant. The subsequent
tragedy likely resulted from the pressure exerted by the official
Beyonders' investigation, leading to internal strife.

This ruled out the possibility that Louis Berry was a Demon Warlock. He
had just arrived in Port Farim a few days ago, and Burman had been here
for a long time.

"What a shame..." Batna sighed. "If I had sold the clues about the Demon
Warlock's close connection to Fidel to the authorities beforehand, I
could've bagged a hefty bounty."

It would've been at least 5,000 verl d'or!

Batna shook his head.

"No, without evidence, the authorities won't buy it. Can't tell them we
stumbled on clues blindfolded, blessed by luck. They'd just cuff us for
being fraudsters."

A chuckle slipped from Lumian's lips.

"Can't you fabricate some evidence to back the clues?

"Say you spotted someone suspicious at Fidel's back door, maybe the
Demon Warlock. Let the official Beyonders confirm it themselves. They'll
uncover the truth in due time."

"T-That'd work?" Batna's mouth hung slightly agape.

"Why not?" Lumian grinned. "If you truly found the Demon Warlock, tell
them not to sweat the details. Just ask if the clues are legit and if
they helped capture the Demon Warlock. If they miss Burman, it's a small
scam at worst. Few days of hard labor for you."

"Official Beyonders can take tips from adventurers without solid
certainty, right? They'd miss genuine info otherwise."

Lumian's words left Batna silent momentarily before he blurted out,
"Don't tell me you've got Islander blood?"

Deception seemed to be his forte.

Lumian casually replied, "Knew an Islander in Trier, quite the con
artist with rich experience and techniques."

With a flicker of interest, Lumian raised his left hand, pinching his
left eye socket.

Glancing at Batna, he asked, "How long have you been adventuring? Why
still so green?"

"Over a year," Batna defended himself. "It's just that I stick to the
rules with authorities. I'm more adaptable when dealing with pirates and
others."

"Adventurers slipping clues to authorities also dabble in deceit,
right?" Lumian grinned. "They scam if they can."

He suspected Batna's strict adherence to rules came from a well-bred
background, a notion confirmed by the other party's attire and
appearance.

Observing Batna's silence, Lumian finished his remaining salted coffee
and glanced back at the lively open-air market.

"Try not to go to the morgue, cemetery, or other places for the time
being."

Just as Batna was about to ask why, he instantly grasped the advice's
true meaning.

Without Fidel to provide resources, the Demon Warlock might feel
compelled to take action!

___

At noon, Lumian returned to Room 5 of the Flying Bird's first-class
cabin. He noticed the master bedroom had undergone a transformation with
a change in carpet, bed, wardrobe, desk, and other furniture, replaced
by various ornaments. However, the distortions and cracks in the metal
walls had only been partially repaired, not fully restored.

Before long, his messenger, Penitent Baynfel, emerged from the void and
handed him a letter.

Franca:

"Based on your latest account and my discussion with 007 last night, I
suspect that Demon Warlock Burman had been compelled to switch
Sequences.

"He was originally a Warlock, but to revive his wife, he switched to the
non-neighboring Death pathway. He went half-mad, becoming half-human and
half-monster.

"Though this could be explained as a Warlock receiving an evil god's
boon, your situation doesn't align. No cases of Beyonder powers from two
pathways fusing and mutating have been documented. This was evident in
your clash with Burman. The Eye of Illusory you mentioned has the Eye of
Mystery Prying, revealing the side of reality, but it also displays the
Death pathway's suppression of the Spirit Body or even enslavement.

"As far as I know, the Death pathway gains an Eye of Death ability at
Sequence 8 Gravedigger. Did it fuse with the Eye of Mystery Prying,
forming that distinctive Eye of Illusory?"

As Lumian read, he suddenly recalled the appearance of the Eye of
Illusory.

Embedded vertically in his forehead, illusory and blurry, a deep purple
bordering on black, with numerous pale-white patterns---undeniably a
fusion of the Eye of Mystery Prying and the Death pathway's abilities.

Lumian's gaze shifted downward as he continued reading.

"White feather-like fur, decaying wounds, control over various undead
creatures, unstable emotional states, and extreme actions---all
indirectly confirming my hypothesis...

"The origins of the old blood are rather peculiar. I've conducted Magic
Mirror Divination several times and consulted various entities, but all
I've gleaned is that it stems from the depths of the spirit world. No
further information. It seems the irreversible half-mad Burman had some
other fortuitous encounter."

*Unstable emotions... Extreme actions... irreversible
half-madness...* Lumian mulled over the descriptions and let out
an inaudible sigh.

How determined and desperate must Burman have been when he chose to
consume the Death pathway potion?

Wild Beyonders didn't know they could switch to neighboring pathways at
a specific Sequence. They believed once a divine pathway was chosen, it
couldn't be altered. Forced consumption of potions from other pathways
led to madness or death.

Moreover, Mystery Pryer and Death weren't adjacent pathways that allowed
switching.

Burman wouldn't have drunk the Death pathway potion without a resolve
bordering on death, all to revive his wife, even at the cost of his
sanity.

Lumian sensed he might have made the same choice in such a situation,
hence his conflicting emotions.

Franca's letter ended with reassurance: "Don't fret over the aftermath.
Burman's mental state will soon cause him to resurface without Fidel's
support and restraint. He might succeed once or twice in gathering
materials for experiments, but it won't last. Official Beyonders will
eliminate him within weeks or even days."

Lumian glanced at Penitent Baynfel, yet to depart.

"Help me deliver my reply to the sender."

Swiftly, he penned a line: "I'll kill Burman as soon as possible."

Before long, Penitent Baynfel returned with Franca's reply: "Why?"

Lumian wrote on the same piece of paper: "I wish to punish him for his
crimes..."

He paused for a moment before continuing, "And end his pain."

Folding the letter into a square, Lumian handed it to Baynfel and
glanced at the messenger.

"Don't you find it troublesome to send letters back and forth?"

It wasn't concern but puzzlement.

After delivering the letter, Penitent Baynfel didn't leave immediately.
Instead, he waited for a potential reply.

This time, Baynfel didn't remain silent. He replied in a deep voice,
"Being busy makes me feel better. It's better to have something to do
than always watch the darkness."

Lumian listened quietly without responding, watching Penitent Baynfel
turn and walk into the void.

He empathized with those words.

Franca didn't stop Lumian. Her reply was concise and forceful: "Be
careful!"

*Phew...* Lumian exhaled and walked to the living room window,
casting his gaze at Port Farim bathed in the blazing sunlight and the
distant Andatna volcano.