---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2001
index: 530
section: vol4
slug: 530
title: Beginning
---

## Chapter 530: Beginning

Lumian observed Burman's head, frozen in surprise and relief. He removed
the Flog boxing gloves and the Symphony of Hatred, as well as ended the
Niese Face.

Donning the silver Lie earring and retrieving a white bandage, Lumian
wrapped it around the burned wound on his right chest and his bloody
left hand.

Crimson flames surged around him, engulfing his dripping blood and
splattering flesh.

Throughout this process, Lumian gathered the nearby corpse fragments
that Burman had scattered and piled them beside the head.

He had been calculating the time. If Burman's Beyonder characteristic
still hadn't materialized, he would have to move the corpse pile to the
forest beside the Andatna volcano.

This was because the Flog boxing gloves attracted the attention of
certain hidden entities, enabling them to command dangerous creatures to
attack.

In the past, Lumian would have had to leave the scene as soon as he
finished using the Flog boxing gloves, but the battle lasted only a
short time. The Flog boxing gloves had already been stowed into his
Traveler's Bag, allowing him to wait a little longer.

Lumian observed various colored light spots---light purple, pale-white,
and pitch-black---emerge from Burman's head and the scattered corpse
pile. Among the items on the ground and torn clothes, Lumian found a
diverse array of objects.

There was a miniature brain, blood-dyed and resembling brass, a
retractable pitch-black telescope, ointment and powder in metal
canisters, a short bone scepter, a peculiar badge encircling the sun
with bones, a soft-cover notebook in an iron box, an ordinary-looking
golden ring, and scattered gold and silver coins...

The deposit certificates and paper cash had likely been destroyed by the
explosion and the inferno.

Lumian carefully stowed each item away, sensing that three possessed
superpowers. Merely coming into contact with them triggered various
adverse reactions.

*Thankfully, I had no intention of prolonging the battle with Burman
from the start... Him using these mystical items later would have been
troublesome... To deal with such a half-mad and resourceful enemy, I
must end the battle swiftly and deny him a chance to recover... Some
items were likely gathered by him, while others might have been taken
from Fidel...* Lumian concluded, finally picking up the dented
and cracked iron box.

Inside the soft-cover notebook lay a blood-stained treasure map. With a
brief glance, Lumian suspected it to be a sea map leading to an island
in a specific sea area. It contained records of weather patterns and
markings of safe sea routes.

*Could this be the fake treasure map sold to Burman by Mark
Benito?* Lumian mused. Flipping to the first page of the dark
soft-cover notebook, he encountered scrawled words:

"My mind isn't reliable all the time. I tend to forget many things. I
must record all relevant knowledge and prevent them from being
forgotten."

Lumian refrained from delving deeper. He carefully stowed away the fake
treasure map and the soft-cover notebook.

Lumian noticed an ordinary-looking golden ring adorning Burman's left
ring finger in the corpse pile.

It bore a striking resemblance to the gold rings found in the pile of
spoils. They varied in size, texture, and quality.

Lumian instantly grasped the situation.

He removed the golden ring from Burman's finger and tied it to another
golden ring with a piece of wire he had on hand.

He approached the grayish-black volcano's crater and silently tossed the
rings into the reddened depression.

At that moment, Burman's Beyonder characteristics fully materialized,
merging with parts of his corpse, resulting in two distinct items.

One was a light-purple transparent left eye, while the other was a
pale-white right eye veiled in darkness.

Lumian carefully stowed away the two Beyonder characteristics, taking
hold of Burman's head before vanishing from the spot.

Silently, the remaining parts of Burman's body ignited, enveloping the
grayish-black volcano in crimson flames.

More than 200 meters away, Lumian retrieved the golden straw hat that
had been blown by the strong wind.

As he secured it on his head, he swiftly disappeared.

This time, he appeared on the road outside the Andatna volcano's steam
locomotive.

Lumian glanced up at the grayish-black volcano's crater, witnessing the
golden-red sunset, resembling flowing lava, receding faster than
expected.

The mountaintop swiftly darkened.

___

In the cathedral of The Fool in Port Farim, not far from Quartier des
Black Pearls, Lumian, adjusting his golden straw hat, approached the
towering half-giant bishop donned in a half top hat and black trench
coat. In a deep voice, he said,

"I want to repent."

The half-giant bishop, with light-blue eyes and a towering stature
exceeding 2.5 meters, regarded Lumian for a moment before nodding.
"Follow me."

He led Lumian into a specialized confessional---a windowless,
pitch-black chamber.

"I don't wish to repent in the dark," Lumian calmly said, removing his
golden straw hat.

The half-giant bishop ignited the candles, sealing the door shut.

*Pa!* Lumian tossed a head with pale-white fur and vacant eye
sockets to the half-giant bishop's feet.

"Did you commit murder?" the half-giant bishop inquired in a mellow
tone, giving the head a brief once-over.

"No, I just want to help him repent." Lumian gestured towards the bloody
head, oozing yellow pus. "He's Demon Warlock Burman."

"Burman?" Only then did the half-giant bishop closely inspect the head,
recognizing distinct features.

He fell silent for a few moments before stating, "You want the Church to
assist you in claiming the bounty from the Intis government?"

"As I mentioned, I'm here to repent for him. His bounty is part of his
penance." Lumian's voice remained unchanged.

The half-giant bishop struggled to comprehend.

Lumian retrieved most of the items acquired from Burman from his
Traveler's Bag, leaving behind the dark soft-cover notebook and the fake
treasure map.

*Clatter.* These items, some endowed with superpowers, some
valuable, spilled onto the ground.

"They're also part of Burman's penance," Lumian explained simply. "I
want to use the bounty and the money exchanged for these items to
establish a charity fund to compensate those who have been harmed by
Burman, or their relatives. If there's any excess, please use it to help
the homeless children."

The half-giant bishop, sporting a top hat and trench coat, fell silent
for a few seconds.

"The Demon Warlock bounty stands at 600,000 verl d'or. These items hold
considerable value too. Together, they could fetch nearly 1 million verl
d'or. It's a substantial sum for anyone. Enough to ensure you don't have
to take further risks. Are you certain about donating it to us and
establishing a charity fund?"

Lumian didn't directly answer the half-giant bishop's question. Instead,
he reiterated, "This is Burman's penance."

"Alright, since you trust our Church, we'll comply with your wishes,"
the half-giant bishop, named Theis, said. "Remember my name and feel
free to monitor the charity fund's progress closely."

Lumian gazed at The Fool's Sacred Emblem in the confessional, pressed
his hand to his chest, and gave a slight bow.

"Praise The Fool!"

He then closed his eyes and prayed, *Great Lord, I implore you to punish
the world for their sins and watch over our compensation. This isn't
atonement; it's self-punishment...*

Lumian repented earnestly for a while before straightening up. He opened
his eyes and turned to leave.

"What shall be the name of the charity fund?" the half-giant bishop
hurriedly inquired.

Lumian took a deep breath and replied, "Helen, the Helen Charity Fund."

"Do we need to inform the authorities about who killed Burman?" the
half-giant bishop cautiously asked.

"No need, but there's no requirement to deliberately obscure the clues
for me." Lumian didn't look back. He put on his golden straw hat and
exited The Fool's cathedral.

___

That night, Lumian once again entered the bar beside Sun Square known as
Pelican.

Batna Comté, as usual, sat at the bar counter, sipping on Golden Somme
kilju. Beside him was a girl dressed as an adventurer with adorable
facial features.

Lumian walked over and joined Batna and the other patrons. He smiled and
snapped his fingers at the bartender.

"A glass of Golden Somme."

Batna glanced at him and remarked, "Someone's in a good mood."

"Indeed." Lumian received the golden kilju from the bartender and tapped
the table with the bottom of the glass. Then, he stood up and raised the
glass. "Everyone, I've encountered two things worth celebrating today."

He spoke with enthusiasm and joy, "The first is that I completed a
commission worth more than 100,000 verl d'or!"

"Impossible..." Batna and the female adventurer beside him exclaimed in
unison.

This bounty was even higher than Black Baronet's bounty. How could it be
accomplished in a day?

Moreover, Batna knew that Louis Berry's employer, Fidel, was already
deceased. How could he have received a new commission?

Lumian continued in a passionate tone, "To celebrate this, I'll treat
everyone at the bar counter to a glass of Golden Somme!"

Nearly ten adventurers and patrons expressed admiration. One of them
teased, "Regardless of the truth, I believe you!"

The others chimed in.

Lumian's smile widened.

"Second thing to be happy about---I've woven a tale to deceive a group
of fools!"

Suddenly, the expressions of everyone at the bar counter froze.

Lumian glanced at them and continued,"But it's true that drinks are on
the house!"

The adventurers and patrons booed, expressing that if they could drink
for free, they didn't mind being fools.

Thus, Lumian spent 96 licks, or 4.8 verl d'or, treating the twelve
people at the bar counter to a glass of Golden Somme.

Observing Louis Berry, Batna silently muttered, *He's genuinely
happy...*

___

Late at night, aboard the Flying Bird, Room 5, first-class cabin.

Lumian returned to the barely habitable master bedroom, ignited the
kerosene lamp, and retrieved the dark soft-cover notebook and the fake
treasure map he had obtained from Demon Warlock Burman from his
Traveler's Bag.