---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2003
index: 532
section: vol4
slug: 532
title: '"Real" Map'
---

## Chapter 532: "Real" Map

Among the nations of the Northern Continent, only the Lord of Storms in
Loen wielded authority over the sea. Yet, sailors, sea merchants, and
adventurers loyal to other deities sought to evade shipwrecks, brutal
weather, and the need for specific protection. This led to various
compromises and unique circumstances.

Certain Churches established subsidiary gods, Angels, and Saints endowed
with storm and sea-related powers for followers with corresponding
concerns. Take, for instance, the Sea God of the Church of The Fool.

In some Churches, believers were tacitly permitted to hold a partial
belief in the Lord of Storms.

Other Churches turned a blind eye to the folklore beliefs flourishing in
ports and islands, allowing the performance of specific rituals without
requiring the presence of clergymen.

The sea prayer ritual of Port Santa in the Feynapotter Kingdom fell into
the latter category. Its folklore was believed to trace back to the
Fourth Epoch. This annual event, overseen by the Church of Earth Mother,
was modest and confined to this port; it lacked any widespread
publicity.

In essence, nearly nobody---neither the locals of Port Santa nor the
merchants, adventurers, or pirates frequenting the shores of the Fog
Sea---was aware of such a sea prayer ritual.

After gathering the pertinent details, Lumian made an initial assessment
that either Bard or Ultraman, the culprits behind the sea prayer ritual
pranks, were likely locals of Port Santa or actively engaged in maritime
affairs.

Considering that Bard's work, "Emperor Roselle's Secret Chronicles," had
been specifically handed over to Trier's underground booksellers for
publication, Lumian leaned towards the belief that Ultraman had been the
instigator of the problems at Port Santa's sea prayer ritual.

Despite the fact that "Emperor Roselle's Secret Chronicles" seemed more
suited for sale in Intis, Lumian reasoned that if Bard had a permanent
residence in the Feynapotter Kingdom, it would be wiser to publish it
under the Feynapotter Kingdom's name before discreetly selling it to
Intis. This precaution was to avoid drawing the attention of Intis's
secret police.

Many Beyonders had underestimated the vigilance of ordinary police
officers and investigators, resulting in unwanted attention and arrests
by official Beyonders who got wind of the news.

Upon learning that Batna and his female companion desired to witness
Port Santa's sea prayer ritual, Lumian waved with a grin.

"Me too!"

He stepped back from the window, biding his time until nearly noon to
compose a letter detailing his recent encounters and the handling of
Burman's "legacy."

After folding the letter and wrapping it within the folds of the fake
treasure map, Lumian summoned Rabbit Chasel once again.

The rabbit-like spirit creature still sported its gold-rimmed glasses
and a small, blurry half top hat.

Silently observing for a few moments, Lumian then handed over the items
destined for Franca and Jenna.

"Thank you," he said politely.

That's basic courtesy!

"No need to thank me," replied Rabbit Chasel, removing his half top hat
and executing a slight bow.

Lumian's lips twitched as he witnessed the mutated Rabbit of Knowledge
disappear from the room.

He was worried that this rabbit might unpredictably draw its gun and
finish off the sender at any given moment.

The next time around, he resolved to caution Jenna against imparting
such dangerous knowledge to Rabbit Chasel!

___

Trier, within the Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, Apartment 702
at 9 Rue Orosai.

Franca glanced at Rabbit Chasel, adorned with its half top hat and
gold-rimmed glasses. Leaning closer to Jenna, she whispered, "Isn't it
too dangerous to let it read the Adventurer series?"

Jenna smiled and replied, "Don't you find Rabbit Chasel adorable?
Furthermore, a messenger can encounter danger. Reading more about
Gehrman Sparrow might make it stronger."

Franca had only briefly raised the issue but shifted her focus to
unfolding the fake treasure map and letter, reading it with earnest
attention.

"Wow, Lumian's efficiency is impressive. He aimed to punish Burman for
his sins and managed to complete the hunt in less than twelve hours!

"The Beyonder characteristics didn't form Sealed Artifacts with mixed
abilities; instead, they emerged and merged separately. Could it be
because Burman no longer harbored madness and paranoia before his death,
and his emotions had calmed down?"

"Heh heh, there's no need to inform 007 so quickly if we encounter
similar cases in the future. Lumian might resolve it himself within a
day. Everything will return to normal, and world peace will prevail.
That way, 007 won't blame me for always causing trouble for him."

Franca had previously informed Jenna that the code name of her
collaborator among the authorities was 007.

*So fast? Demon Warlock isn't weak...* Jenna couldn't believe
it.

That was a criminal with a bounty of 600,000 verl d'or. All the verl
d'or she had seen so far added up to less!

Lumian's bounty amounted to less than 100,000.

Franca pursed her lips and remarked, "Think about his experiences in
Trier and the items and abilities he possesses. He's simply a
supermodel, alright? If he were to be released, it would be equivalent
to a dimensional reduction strike on Beyonders without any special
traits. He wouldn't be much inferior to most Sequence 5 Beyonders!"

Jenna recalled the dangerous situations she had faced alongside Lumian
and nodded in agreement.

"What do you mean by dimensional reduction strike?"

Franca, slightly surprised by Jenna's question, took a moment before
explaining, "It's akin to an adult bullying a child or a demigod
bullying a Low-Sequence Beyonder.

"Furthermore, think about it. A half-mad Beyonder like the Demon Warlock
is mentally, psychologically, emotionally, and physically problematic.
He was completely countered by Lumian's Symphony of Hatred. When facing
him, all you need to do is be wary of the strange combination of
abilities and avoid provoking him into a monster. Lumian has the
experience, so he won't be careless."

Jenna muttered, "Now that you mention it, why do I feel that killing the
Demon Warlock isn't too difficult?"

"You can't put it that way. It can only be said that the forced
switching of pathways will indeed make one very powerful and dangerous,
but it also has huge flaws and many problems. It's easy to target,"
Franca corrected her before continuing reading Lumian's letter.

After she was done reading, Franca sighed with excitement and said, "The
sea sounds so fun, and the scenery is beautiful. If it weren't for the
mission, I'd want to be an adventurer at sea and hunt pirates!"

Jenna, leaning against the sofa and reading the letter from behind, felt
a longing in her heart.

Who wouldn't love to travel? It was just that they hadn't had the luxury
before.

Franca regained her composure and clicked her tongue.

"Lumian is truly generous. He actually donated all the bounty and spoils
of war to establish a charity fund. Sigh, actually, I understand his
thoughts..."

Until now, she had been covertly providing for the family of her body's
original owner until now.

As Franca and Jenna conversed, they both performed Magic Mirror
Divination.

Their answers were unanimous: The map was real!

"Whether it's Burman or the immortal islander, Harrison, they both admit
that a portion of this map is fake. It can't help adventurers reach
Resurrection Island, and they might even encounter great danger along
the way... What's fake about it?" Franca pondered, casting her gaze at
the treasure map.

On the map, the location marked as Resurrection Island lay deep within
the Fog Sea. The westernmost colonial island of the Intis Republic,
Aroca, was still quite a distance away.

___

*Can't distinguish the fake parts?* Lumian shook his head after
receiving the reply and continued reading the information about spirit
world creatures in his hand.

His primary focus was to find any introduction to the Arden evil spirit
that Burman had summoned from the depths of death.

Lumian flipped through the information until evening, satiating his
hunger in his room. Grabbing the golden straw hat he had recently taken
a liking to, he descended to the deck and entered the bar.

By that time, the Flying Bird had already departed Port Farim. As
expected, Batna and his female companion sat at the bar counter, engaged
in animated conversations with the surrounding passengers about Demon
Warlock Burman's demise.

"We don't know which adventurer did it either. If it hadn't been
officially announced, we wouldn't have known that Burman had been
killed. No one in Port Farim's adventurer circle knew about it in
advance!" Batna held the Lanti Proof and said excitedly, "To think that
such a powerful adventurer remains hidden in Port Farim! Indeed, we
can't be arrogant or conceited. Perhaps the tramp sitting by the
roadside is a powerful figure!"

Spotting Lumian pushing his way through, Batna whistled.

"You're staying in first-class? Are you that rich?"

"I'm not considered rich," Lumian replied with a smile as he settled
onto a barstool. "I just feel that accidents can happen at any moment at
sea, and I can be killed by pirates at any moment. So, why not try to
pamper yourself? What's the point of saving up money when you're dead?
Since you're an adventurer, you have to lead a carefree life because who
knows if there'll be a tomorrow."

"Since you're an adventurer, you have to lead a carefree life because
who knows if there'll be a tomorrow..." The female adventurer beside
Batna whispered Lumian's last sentence, seemingly touched.

Batna took a sip of the Lanti Proof and chuckled.

"However, the prerequisite is that you have some savings. Otherwise, if
you end up having fun today, you'll go hungry tomorrow.

"Man, 600,000 verl d'or. I wonder which adventurer obtained Burman's
600,000 verl d'or. And the items on him..."

Batna revealed a yearning and envious expression.

Lumian picked up the absinthe he had just requested and took a sip,
savoring the faint bitterness lingering in the fragrance.

___

In the following days, the Flying Bird calmly navigated towards the
Feynapotter Kingdom. Philip, the security supervisor, found it surreal.

*Is the bad luck over? Did the major problem disembark? Did Demon
Warlock Burman's death stem from the major problem entering Port
Farim?*

Just as Port Santa was only a day away, Philip observed his subordinate
deliver a telegram.

"Boss, it's from your comrades in Port Farim." The subordinate handed
the folded telegram to Philip.

*What happened in Port Farim that requires me to be informed? Did the
major problem cause trouble in Port Farim and trace it to the Flying
Bird?* He unfolded the telegram and scanned its contents.

"The adventurer who hunted Demon Warlock Burman is suspected to be on
your ship. His name is Louis Berry."