---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2004
index: 533
section: vol4
slug: 533
title: Forgotten
---

## Chapter 533: Forgotten

"His name is Louis Berry."

Philip's gaze froze at the last sentence.

*Him?*

*He killed Demon Warlock?*

Suddenly, Philip recalled the tragic scene of Room 5 in the first-class
cabin as though it had been shelled.

Could it be that the clash between Louis Berry and Demon Warlock Burman
had caused this devastation?

Rumors circulated that the Church of The Fool exchanged Burman's head
for a bounty the following day, but procedures like that didn't happen
instantaneously. A delay of half a day was ordinary!

*Did Louis Berry truly kill Demon Warlock?*

*Is he truly that formidable? I couldn't discern it at all...*

*I understand he's a magnet for trouble, and various details attest to
his strength and unpredictable nature, but the notion of him vanquishing
Demon Warlock caught me by surprise. And he appeared unscathed.*

*He even contained the battle's impact within a single room, ensuring no
one overheard anything...*

*Could he have also been the one who frightened off Bone Splitter Basil?
No, he was near me and didn't make a move... Unless Basil knows him and
comprehends his danger?*

*A person capable of eliminating Demon Warlock is indeed capable of
deterring Bone Splitter... Even though Basil might not be weaker than
Burman despite the relatively low bounty. Louis Berry, however,
possesses the ability to silence Burman without a trace...*

*What caused the encounter with the Death Navigators?"*

Philip muttered silently.

Though he couldn't fully embrace the idea that the young man who always
boasted in the bar with a smile was a powerful enough adventurer to
vanquish Demon Warlock, Philip hesitated to harbor too many doubts.

"Boss, should we... should we expose Louis Berry's identity as a fake?"
the crew member who had delivered the telegram asked in a hushed tone.

Philip instinctively raised the paper bearing the telegram and delivered
a light smack to his subordinate's head.

"Do you have a death wish? I've emphasized repeatedly, when faced with
anomalies on the ship, turn a blind eye unless it's an immediate crisis,
and wait until we reach our destination."

Philip pondered for a moment, concerned that his subordinate might act
in error due to misunderstanding or disbelief. He clarified
deliberately, "We're still at sea. Even if we report the false
identities now, confirming Louis Berry's true identity and existence
won't save or aid us unless someone departs from Port Santa. Yet, such
inter-country cooperation requires days of prior communication. By the
time assistance arrives, Louis Berry will likely have disembarked.

"Moreover, verifying his real identity takes time. To blow the whistle
successfully, we'd be risking Louis Berry noticing and retaliating. Is
it worth it?

"I prefer to preserve the peace of these past few days."

The crew member pondered for a moment and ultimately concurred with the
boss's decision.

Philip breathed a sigh of relief, tearing up the telegram and casually
tossing it into the trash can.

"Inform the recipients and translators of the telegram to keep this
information under wraps!" Philip instructed before leaving the room and
descending the stairs to the deck.

Just as he was contemplating the romantic plans for the evening with his
newfound lover, his thoughts came to a sudden halt when he spotted Louis
Berry, the central figure of the telegram. There he stood by the
shipboard, his gaze fixed on the gently undulating blue sea, idly
twirling a golden straw hat in one hand while holding a glass of light
golden champagne in the other.

As if sensing Philip's gaze, Lumian turned around, locking eyes with
him.

A subtle smile played on Louis Berry's lips as he raised the champagne
glass in his right hand, as though toasting him, before taking a
leisurely sip.

Philip's body tensed, determined to conceal any change in expression.

*Is Louis Berry merely extending a greeting, or does he possess
knowledge about the telegram and my decision?*

___

*Waa! Waa! Waa!*

White-headed seabirds soared gracefully under the pristine, blue sky,
their cries distinct from those in Port Gati and Port Farim.

At times, they glided low, skimming past wooden fishing boats adorned
with billowing white sails.

Fishing, a vital industry in Port Santa, instilled both fear and
reverence for the sea in every fisherman's veins.

While they could have children who strayed from the beliefs of the Earth
Mother, they couldn't bear descendants who dared to blaspheme the sacred
sea prayer ritual.

Lumian, taking in the scenery different from the Intis port and Port
Santa's gradually rising mountain range in the distance, silently
offered praise to The Fool.

The journey from Port Farim to Port Santa unfolded surprisingly
uneventfully---no storms, no pirates, and no encounters with Beyonder
incidents.

This respite allowed him a few days of tranquility. Lumian finished two
foundational Highlander textbooks and perused information on spirit
world creatures.

He failed to find a description of Arden, the evil spirit from the
depths of death. Whether Madam Magician omitted the information or
remained unaware of it remained uncertain.

"We'll be entering the port in half an hour." Lumian, who had been
taking respite for the past few days, cracked his neck from the living
room window of Cabin 5 in first class.

Here lay potential clues about the key members of April Fool's, Bard,
and Ultraman!

Of course, it could also be a trap.

Lumian's body trembled slightly, filled with anticipation.

Finally, the Flying Bird smoothly docked at Port Santa.

Lumian, hand in hand with Ludwig and trailed by Lugano carrying their
luggage, made their way towards the gangway. On the deck, they
encountered Batna Comté and his companion Nolfi, already awaiting their
turn.

Perhaps influenced by Lumian's words about seizing the moment as an
adventurer, Nolfi, who had initially insisted on separate cabins, had
moved in with Batna two days ago.

Batna's face radiated a flush of confidence as he waved and exclaimed,
"Louis, you don't strike me as much of an adventurer. What adventurer
brings their child out to sea?"

"Isn't it a common task for adventurers to protect their employers'
children?" Lumian retorted with a smile.

In a sense, the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom was indeed his
employer.

Batna, eyeing Ludwig, dressed in a young gentleman's attire and carrying
a distinctive red school bag, found Lumian's explanation reasonable.

Yet, he couldn't help but wonder, how could the child's parents be so
nonchalant about entrusting their son to an unfamiliar adventurer?

"At the same time, he's my godson," Lumian added.

Understanding dawned on Batna as he gestured towards the harbor below.

"Where do you plan to stay? Shall we attend the sea prayer ritual
together?"

"I'm not sure yet. If the gods will it, our paths may cross again."
Lumian's demeanor shifted upon arriving at Port Santa, his nerves
tightening. Casual disclosure of his whereabouts was no longer in his
plans.

Batna, accustomed to Lumian's occasional seer-like words, detected
nothing unusual. He sighed and said, "I hope our paths cross once more."

With a casual wave, Batna led Nolfi toward the ramp.

Lumian smiled and offered a parting reminder, "Do you know Highlander?"

"A bit," Batna replied, gesturing toward Nolfi, whose adorable features,
black hair, and brown eyes spoke of her mixed Feynapotter and Intis
heritage. "Her mother is a native of Port Santa. She carries blood from
both Feynapotter and Intis."

*Port Santa local... That explains your desire to experience the sea
prayer ritual after learning about it.* Lumian held his silence,
watching as Batna and Nolfi descended the gangway with their suitcases.

"Not only is Louis generous and warm, but he also has a knack for humor.
He appears quite professional," Batna commented before leaving the port
district. Glancing back at the Flying Bird, he said to Nolfi, "He didn't
disclose their lodging just now. Clearly, he's unwilling to unveil his
employer's circumstances. He likely came to Port Santa to escort that
child home."

Nolfi nodded gently.

"You shouldn't have asked. An adventurer's companions are only in the
present. We might not cross paths again in the future."

"Haha, you've been influenced by Louis's life philosophy." Batna noticed
a paperboy approaching and suggested to Nolfi, "Grab a few newspapers
related to maritime rumors. We've been at sea for days, and we're out of
the loop."

Nolfi shared the same idea, using degan copper coins she had exchanged
prior for two newspapers.

Standing on the street, she unfolded the coastal port favorite, Five
Seas News, and began reading its contents.

Batna, unfamiliar with Highlander, patiently waited for Nolfi to digest
the news and relay the information to him.

Suddenly, Nolfi's eyes narrowed, and her grip on the newspaper
tightened.

"What's wrong?" Batna asked curiously.

Nolfi hesitated before sharing, "There's a rumor in Port Farim that the
adventurer who hunted the Demon Warlock is named..."

"What's his name?" Batna pressed.

Nolfi fell silent for a few seconds before saying, "His---his name is
Louis Berry."

*Louis, Louis Berry?* Batna was taken aback.

___

Lumian, Ludwig, and Lugano patiently waited for most passengers to
disembark before making their exit.

As Lumian stepped off the gangway, his attention was drawn to a woman in
a black nun's attire and matching hat. Carrying a brown suitcase, she
turned into a fork in the road.

*C-could it be the weeping woman I glimpsed through the Mystery Prying
Glasses?* Lumian pondered, averting his gaze thoughtfully.

As he moved forward, his mind raced with plans for the immediate future.

Firstly, he needed to find an inn in the harbor district. Secondly, he
had to compose a letter to Madam Magician, notifying her of his arrival
in Port Santa. The situation involved Celestial Worthy and potentially
played into Loki's schemes. Carelessness was not an option.

*Write a letter to Madam Magician...*

*Write a letter!*

Lumian's pupils dilated as he sought to discern if the world ahead was
real.

Throughout his days aboard the ship, he kept forgetting to write to
Madam Magician!

He had intended to consult his Major Arcana card holder, questioning the
significance of the frequent occurrences related to the Flying Bird's
calamities.

Yet, he had completely forgotten about it!