---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2009
index: 538
section: vol4
slug: 538
title: Historical Origins
---

## Chapter 538: Historical Origins

*Clang! Clang! Clang!*

Even through the glass window, Lumian heard the clash of two lads'
swords outside.

He couldn't help but raise his eyebrows.

*They're really fighting?*

Though duels were popular in Trier, it was rare for them to wield
weapons without the formalities. Normally, they'd go through the entire
process: determine the type of duel---cold weapons or revolvers---sign a
contract, find a recognized witness, and then borrow weapons from the
café's front desk or the bar counter. Only these duels were legal,
avoiding police intervention.

But wielding a longsword at the slightest disagreement was either a
prelude to riot or a mob vendetta. Such lethal weapons rarely surfaced
in real fights.

*Port Santa, or rather, the Feynapotter Kingdom's security is so
poor?* Lumian was surprised by this.

From the Flying Bird to the Solow Motel, he noticed the locals' penchant
for carrying blades and swords, reminiscent of scenes from classical
novels.

It was actually legal!

In a maritime colony like Port Farim, openly carrying such items was
unheard of. Even a dagger had to be concealed.

For him, though, this was a welcome advantage.

Fascinated, Lumian observed the desperate struggle between the two lads
through the window, occasionally commenting on their combat techniques
in his mind.

Suddenly, a group of people jogged over from the street.

All women, they wore black cloth hats with white patterns, black lining,
and brown leather armor. Dark cloaks adorned with two crossed swords,
and brass revolvers strapped to their waists completed their attire.

The woman leading the group seemed to be in her late twenties, with
thick, naturally curly black hair, thick eyebrows, large eyes, and plump
red lips---quite beautiful.

Standing at over 1.7 meters tall, she drew a straight sword from her
back and called out to the two men fighting on the street with a cold
expression.

Lumian only understood the word "stop."

The two lads truly ceased their actions, standing by the street and
accepting the reprimand from the group of women, their imposing demeanor
fading.

After a few minutes, they left separately with their swords, not being
apprehended.

Lumian took a sip of his Torres coffee, perplexed by the situation.

The language barrier proved quite troublesome.

After Ludwig polished off the food on the table at a controlled speed,
Lugano, now sporting an unremarkable face, returned.

Lumian wasn't in a hurry to inquire if he had found a black-market
merchant who could craft fake identities. He casually asked, "Is it
legal to possess cold weapons in Port Santa?"

Lugano lowered his round-rimmed black hat and dropped his voice.

"That's right. It's a local custom. The Feynapotter Kingdom government
respects this tradition. Besides, it's a good thing for them to have
more people die in the Gaia Province."

"Why?" Lumian inquired with interest.

Lugano covered his face with his hand, as if afraid of being followed.

Observing this, Lumian tossed him the Lie earring.

Lugano hurried to the washroom and reverted to his original appearance,
albeit his facial features becoming more refined.

Only then did he relax and explain, "Have you ever heard of the Battle
of the Violated Oath?"

Lumian, shaped by Aurore's rigorous education, instinctively replied,
"The Battle of the Violated Oath that began in the Fifth Epoch in 738?
The one where Lenburg, Masin, Segar, and other small south-central
countries were separated from the north of the Feynapotter Kingdom, and
the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom broke off from the Church
of Earth Mother?"

Lugano was taken aback.

"Yes."

He only had a rough idea. The other party had actually revealed the
exact year and final outcome.

After a few seconds, Lugano lowered his voice and said, "During the
Battle of the Violated Oath, the entire Gaia Province, especially those
near the Dariège mountain range, attempted to gain independence but
failed.

"Later, in order to guard against the natives, despite high-quality iron
and coal mines just south of the Dariège Mountains, the Feynapotter
Kingdom only set up smelting factories and no gun factories. There
wasn't a single native in the troops stationed here; they were all
assigned to other places.

"Was there once a widespread belief in the God of Knowledge and Wisdom
here?" Lumian couldn't help but glance at Ludwig, who was enjoying
dessert.

The key to the independence of Lenburg, Masin, Segar, and other
countries in the south-central region was their mainstream faith in the
God of Knowledge and Wisdom, not the Earth Mother.

"I don't know," Lugano honestly shook his head.

Undeterred, he pressed on with the matter at hand.

"You should already know that the ancient Gaia Province mainly comprised
four types of people. Firstly, farmers. Secondly, fishermen from places
like Port Santa. Thirdly, mountain dwellers who relied on minerals and
hunting to survive. Fourthly, the herdsmen you're familiar with. The
latter three are fierce, wielding swords fearlessly in conflicts."

Lumian nodded.

That was indeed the case.

Whether fishermen, mountain dwellers, or herdsmen, they all lived in
relative poverty. They battled nature's cruelty and faced various
dangers beyond human settlements. They even had to be wary of those
among them with ill intentions. Swords and blades were necessities, not
ornaments.

Lumian had heard firsthand from the migrating herdsmen about wolf pack
attacks and the brutality of bandits. It had left a deep impression on
him.

Lugano downed the lemonade he had just ordered and sighed in relief.

"One of Earth Mother's three combat orders is stationed permanently in
Gaia Province. They guard against us in the north and Lenburg in the
northeast. Simultaneously, they aim to monitor the locals.

"Heh heh, encountering combat nuns in Gaia Province and Port Santa isn't
uncommon. Their demeanors differ from other women..."

Lugano's expression shifted to one of leisure and fascination.

The team just now were the combat nuns who maintain order? Lumian
realized.

He teased Lugano with a smile, "They're nuns."

Lugano smiled enigmatically and remarked, "The nuns of the Church of
Earth Mother don't take vows of chastity. Instead, they pledge to have
as many children as possible before a certain age. If they're interested
in you, they'll be quite proactive. Sometimes, they might even push a
bit. The young folks here love showcasing their bravery in front of
these nuns. Their courage might catch someone's eye."

Pledging to have numerous children before a certain age... It sounds
peculiar, aligning with Earth Mother's teachings but reminiscent of
another Mother. Local customs, governmental involvement, religious
doctrines, and primal courtship behaviors has all woven into the
folklore of this place where cold weapons rule the streets. Lumian
hadn't expected such complexity behind a seemingly trivial matter.

Upon reflection, it was rather intriguing.

At that moment, Lumian suddenly understood Aurore's words from the past.

"If I return to university without life's pressures, I'd study history."

*Phew...* Lumian exhaled slowly and turned to Lugano, "Any
progress?"

Lugano, still lost in thoughts about combat nuns, was caught off guard
and struggled to snap out of his reverie.

"You Intisians..." Lumian clicked his tongue.

Only then did Lugano grasp the question. He sheepishly smiled and said,

"I've made some. I've found a well-connected black-market merchant who
can help.

"Would you like to meet them? He's also a descendant of Dariège."

"Sure." Lumian finished his coffee and stood up.

___

Trier, fourth level of the catacombs.

Jenna and Franca each gripped a burning white candle, their eyes fixed
on the ancient tomb that lay open, hesitant to advance.

No one knew what lay buried inside, and the fear of something terrifying
emerging lingered in the air.

In the outer world, the two Demonesses could employ divination to
discern the situation. However, in the catacombs, establishing a close
connection with the ordinary spirit world was nearly impossible. The
outcome was evident.

After all, Lumian couldn't enter through Spirit World Traversal, but he
could "teleport" within its confines.

After a brief pause, Franca passed her Mirror Substitution to Jenna and
stepped forward with solemn determination. Relying on her spiritual
premonition, she cautiously approached the ancient tomb.

As they drew nearer, the dim yellow candlelight revealed a heap of
pale-white bones in the entrance area, adorned with light greenish-black
mold spots.

Franca raised the white candle, casting its light into the depths of the
tomb.

Skeletons lay scattered in disarray, occupying every inch of the ground.
In the center, a tilted sarcophagus revealed a multitude of decaying
bones.

Franca hesitated for a moment before declaring, "It doesn't seem
dangerous."

Only then did Jenna approach, returning the Mirror Substitution.

Franca continued her observation and remarked, "Nothing of value
either."

Gems and other items were absent among the burial articles, likely lost
during the construction of the catacombs and the opening of these
ancient tombs. Everything else had decayed or shattered. Even the murals
on the walls bore only faint traces.

Jenna observed for a while and said uncertainly, "What about the area
where these bones are pressing down?"

"Let me take a look." Franca moved closer, allowing invisible spider
silk to spread and entwine the pale-white bones at the entrance, aiding
in their movement.

Suddenly, an irregular mirror fragment, seemingly coated in black paint,
materialized in the flames.

Jenna and Franca's eyes narrowed.

It bore a striking resemblance to the Mirror World Fragment they had
obtained in Fourth Epoch Trier!

"Did a special Mirror Person once die here?" Franca mused. "Did
Krismona's shadow appear here to inform us? But why did She attack us?"

Jenna shared the perplexity. After a moment of thought, she said, "Why
did the special Mirror Person die here? Who owns this tomb? Or rather,
which ancient family does it belong to?"

Franca stared for a moment before nodding solemnly.

"That might be our next investigation."

Finding no anomalies, the duo stored away the mirror fragment. Utilizing
the formless spider silk of the Demoness of Pleasure, they meticulously
searched the entire tomb but found nothing that identified the tomb
owner.

Franca sighed and said, "Well, we'll unravel it when we get back. Let's
go acquire an antique tearcatcher for the employer now."