---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2015
index: 544
section: vol4
slug: 544
title: Threat
---

## Chapter 544: Threat

Professor agreed with Lumian's suggestion, believing it could help
verify certain things. Both Professor and Associate Professor went to
another team and found Stonemason, who was known for crafting mystical
items.

Dressed in a doctor's white coat with a saucepan over his head,
Stonemason's azure eyes focused on the Academy Warlocks through two
specially dug holes.

He nodded and said, "Recently, I've also been having strange dreams
related to a wilderness. However, in addition to the endless wilderness
and wandering figures, there are also some peculiar scenes in my
dreams."

*As expected, it affects the neighboring pathways of Mystery Pryer and
Savant...* Lumian nodded slightly as Professor pressed further,
"What scenes are they?"

Stonemason's voice echoed within the saucepan.

"I see scenes of primitive humans independently creating fire for the
first time. Ancient humans making sacrifices to the sky and land. There
were many similar scenes, but they were very vague. I was in a dream and
couldn't scrutinize them carefully. I can't remember the exact
situations clearly.

"According to the Savant pathway's Beyonders, this is a fragment of
civilization."

Upon hearing Stonemason's response, Lumian's forehead twitched
imperceptibly.

It reminded him of the moment he heard a peculiar sound accompanying
scenes while wearing the Eye of Truth in Fourth Epoch Trier!

As the scenes unfolded, a chorus of voices echoed one name: Celestial
Master!

*Was what I received a fragment of a civilization? The Eye of Truth
corresponds to the Mystery Pryer pathway. Upon their use, they activated
the powers of neighboring pathways, revealing corresponding sounds? But
there is a prerequisite, a special environment... Fourth Epoch Trier
holds remnants of advanced powers from the Mystery Pryer and Savant
pathways. Celestial Master---the term is similar to the Celestial Worthy
of Heaven and Earth for Blessings which influences Seer, Apprentice, and
Marauder pathways. Meanwhile, Celestial Master correlates with the
Mystery Pryer and Savant pathways.* Lumian fell into deep
thought after his initial shock.

Franca glanced at him, perplexed by his limited participation in the
discussion.

After a moment, Lumian snapped out of his daze. Considering Professor,
Stonemason, and others' speculations, he carefully stated, "The sudden
downpour in Trier is an outward manifestation of a catastrophe, much
like the Deep Valley Cloister.

"I suspect that a high-level power leaked during the catastrophe,
affecting Beyonders from two neighboring pathways. The impact is more
pronounced for those in Trier but relatively minor for those outside."

At this point, Lumian smirked.

"I've observed that Warlocks outside Trier experienced significant
decreases in the frequency and clarity of their wilderness dreams.
Strangely, none of the Warlocks in Trier mentioned this."

Bear in a brown bear skin suit nodded approvingly.

Professor and others concurred with Lumian's hypothesis, relieved that
the situation was indeed improving.

They couldn't help but marvel at Muggle's remarkable growth after
surviving the April Fool's trap.

Franca then inquired about the owner of the ancient tomb beside the
Crazy Mushroom Cave in Trier's catacombs.

No one knew the answer. The Warlocks in Trier offered to assist in the
investigation, but there were no guarantees of finding anything.

Franca had already entrusted this matter to 007. Her current focus was
on uncovering any Mirror People who might have infiltrated the
Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, thanks to Lumian's teachings.

After agreeing on the reward, she left the Academy team and headed
towards Hela.

After discussing the Mirror People situation with Hela, Lumian emerged
from the corner where the Academy team was located, ready to gather
mysticism knowledge from the death domain with the Purgatory team.

Franca immediately approached Lumian, lowered her voice, and asked with
a smile, "What were you thinking when Stonemason recounted his dream? It
seemed like you had thought of something important."

*Hadn't I shared what I saw and heard after using the Eye of Truth
underground? That shouldn't be the case. I won't forget sharing matters
involving the Celestial Master with Franca...* Lumian's heart
suddenly stirred, feeling that his spirituality was hindering this
matter.

After a moment of contemplation, he responded, "It's rather complicated
and involves high-level powers. I'll write to Madam Magician later and
see if I can share it with you."

"Alright," Franca said eagerly. "Don't forget!"

Her curiosity was piqued.

At that moment, Hela, still dressed as a black widow, approached Lumian
and asked, "Any progress in tracking Ultraman and Bard?"

"Not at the moment. I'm still compiling the necessary information,"
Lumian replied truthfully.

Hela nodded slightly and replied, "If you need assistance, don't
hesitate to reach out to me or Gandalf."

The primary objective for most members of the Curly-Haired Baboons
Research Society was to eliminate the April Fool's traitors.

"Got it." Lumian had no plans to confront the key members of April
Fool's on his own.

Undoubtedly, it was optimal for him to carry out the final execution.

___

Upon returning to the real world, Lumian noticed that night was falling.
He set out a stack of late-night snacks for Ludwig and summoned Madam
Magician's messenger. After freshening up---washing his face, brushing
his teeth, and snuffing out the wall lamp---he settled into bed.

Just then, a sense of alertness surged through him. He sat up suddenly,
focusing on a specific spot in the room.

Outside the window, a faint crimson glow shimmered. In one corner, a
shadow swiftly expanded, reaching up to the ceiling, forming a
silhouette resembling two goat horns.

It was as if a devil had emerged from the dark abyss.

Lumian's eyebrows twitched as he stared at the colossal black shadow.

The devil-like shadow resonated with a deep and imposing voice.

"Lowly human, you must answer my question truthfully."

It spoke in Intisian.

Lumian cracked his neck gently and asked, "What's the question?"

The devilish figure rumbled in a deep tone, "What did the Paco family's
Giorgia hire you to do?"

Lumian chuckled.

"What do human affairs have to do with a devil like you? I'm a
professional adventurer. I won't betray my employer."

The devilish shadow growled, "Then I'll use your blood as the answer!"

Before it completed its sentence, its aura surged, and the crimson
moonlight in the room instantly succumbed to darkness, shrouding the
space in a chilling aura.

The corners of Lumian's mouth curled up. With a swift press of his left
hand, he catapulted from the bed like a cheetah, propelling himself
towards the ceiling.

Overhead, darkness enveloped him, resembling an abyssal reflection.

In a sudden twist, Lumian's body turned pitch black, almost zero in
thickness.

He morphed into a shadow creature and seamlessly melded into the
darkness!

Within the dimly illuminated fishnet of shadows, Lumian spotted the
"devil."

Standing just over a meter tall, the creature was child-sized, yet its
skin was creased like that of an elderly man in his seventies or
eighties.

Its disproportionately large head featured protruding eyes, presenting a
grotesque visage that was beyond Lumian's knowledge of creatures.

In the form of a shadow, Lumian "swam" toward it, aiming to ensnare the
peculiar creature that manifested the devil's projection. He planned on
pulling it out of the darkness and controlling it with the Spell of
Harrumph.

Many of Lumian's abilities were constrained in the shadow creature form.

The short, malevolent creature with wrinkled skin appeared defenseless
against the shadow's entanglement, surprising Lumian, who had
anticipated fierce resistance.

Without hesitation, he prepared to depart, leaving the shadow to detain
its captive.

Just then, the darkness surrounding him brightened, illuminated by the
light from the "sky."

Instinctively, Lumian looked up and witnessed the pure darkness rapidly
dissolving, unveiling a colossal star hanging in the void.

The star bore a faint blue hue, resembling a demonic eye.

In an instant, Lumian felt his blood freeze, involuntarily snapping out
of his shadow creature form. The big-headed "shorty," adorned with
wrinkles, seized the chance to break free from its constraints, swiftly
merging into the pale-blue starlight and disappearing from sight.

After a moment, Lumian fully recovered. He stared at the now-normal
room, sinking into contemplation.

*What in the world was that thing? It seemed so weak, yet it came to
intimidate me!*

Nevertheless, the blinking star held an air of peculiarity.

*Why not just send the star to frighten me right away? After suppressing
me, it didn't seize the opportunity to attack. Even though I regained
some mobility upon escaping the shadows, I was still relatively
slow...* Lumian mused silently.

While he couldn't grasp the full picture, certain details became
apparent.

*No wonder Giorgia didn't casually enlist a foreign adventurer with
Beyonder powers to handle the humanoid lizard. Someone lurking in the
shadows would interrogate me about the entire matter in the future. Only
a renowned adventurer like Louis Berry, capable of hunting Demon
Warlocks, can resist it.*

*Heh heh, earning 15,000 risot isn't a walk in the park...*

*The one in the shadows knows Louis Berry isn't weak, so they didn't
dare to attack directly. Instead, they dispatched a small monster with
unique abilities to intimidate me, hoping to extract
information?*

*Why not go to Giorgia's house and ask? Their family doesn't seem to
possess any superpowers...*

*Is this an internal conflict within the Fisheries Company and the
Fisheries Guild?*

*Yes, it's an opportunity to interact more deeply with the Paco family
and understand the core process of the sea prayer ritual...*

Shaking his head, Lumian reclined on the bed and resumed his slumber.

Around 8 a.m. the next day, Lugano, who had gone out to buy breakfast,
rushed back and said to Lumian, "Boss, those combat nuns are looking for
you!"