---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2017
index: 546
section: vol4
slug: 546
title: Monitor
---

## Chapter 546: Monitor

Following the Governor of the Sea's orders holds more weight than
reverence for the Church... The Church of Earth Mother appears
indifferent. Lumian chose not to push further. He nodded subtly and
stated, "I'll take on this commission without expecting compensation,
but I do have a request."

"What might that be?" Rubió asked cautiously.

A cunning smile formed on Lumian's lips.

"I'm here to witness the sea prayer ritual, but I've heard only a select
few can observe its core segments. I seek such an opportunity."

Rubió remained silent for a prolonged moment.

Giorgia, unable to contain her curiosity, questioned her husband in
Highlander about the conversation and his concerns.

Lugano seized the chance to approach Lumian and translated the couple's
exchange.

Lumian's eyebrows twitched imperceptibly upon hearing they were
genuinely considering allowing him to pose as a sailor and board the
special sacrificial ship.

*Is Rubió Paco truly considering my request?*

*I'm merely offering an outrageous deal to test if I can glean details
about the sea prayer ritual. I don't intend to leverage this seemingly
straightforward task to gain access to the last two segments of the
ritual!*

It remained a secret harbored by the Fisheries Guild for over a
millennium, the wellspring of their power and prestige!

As these thoughts raced through Lumian's mind, he strongly suspected
that the commission to send Madame Martha to Milo Village to meet the
current Governor of the Sea carried a high risk. It wasn't a task for
any random Beyonder. Therefore, Rubió Paco was reluctant to let go of
Louis Berry, the proven adventurer.

*But where could the danger lie? This is Port Santa, not the islands on
the sea or the remote towns of the Southern Continent. Which Beyonder
would dare to attack me on the streets in broad daylight? Aren't they
afraid of being captured by the combat nuns and turned into fertilizer
for the land? One can't underestimate the power of an orthodox
Church!*

*Unless someone possesses a special ability, like Loki's, to kill me
undetected on the bustling streets, or if a Saint with godhood
personally takes action, aiming to end the battle before the Church of
Earth Mother reacts... But it can't be that exaggerated. It's such a
trivial matter...* As Lumian pondered, Rubió and Giorgia reached
a conclusion.

The former said to Lumian, "I cannot permit your participation in the
last two segments of the sea prayer ritual. It is a blasphemy against
the sea. Those involved will face expulsion from Port Santa, including
their family.

"However, I am willing to allow you to conceal yourself in Milo Village
in advance and witness the ancient performances during the vigil
ritual."

*So, I can't directly witness the vigil ritual, but I can partake in the
accompanying folklore performance? Did Ultraman, Bard, and Mad Lady use
a similar method to approach the core of the sea prayer ritual and
complete the most crucial part of the prank?* Lumian noticed
that Rubió had already made a significant concession and no longer
insisted. He smiled and replied, "Deal."

Without waiting for a response, he "kindly" suggested, "Let's send
Madame Martha to Milo Village today, shall we? We mustn't delay when it
comes to illnesses. Get her treatment as soon as possible."

Rubió hesitated for a moment before saying, "My mother is already
asleep. She's been resting a lot lately. Forcing her awake will impact
her body and mind. How about tomorrow morning?"

*Is some advanced preparation needed?* Lumian nodded
thoughtfully.

"No problem."

He cast a quick glance at Lugano, and his heart skipped a beat.

"Monsieur Rubió, my interpreter is, in fact, an excellent doctor.
Moreover, he doesn't adhere to the beliefs of the Earth Mother, nor is
he affiliated with any Church. If he were to treat your mother, you
probably wouldn't need to seek the Governor of the Sea's permission in
advance."

Lumian emphasized the word "doctor."

Without hesitation, Rubió Paco shook his head and said, "We trust the
Church's doctors more. My mother is my most important family. I don't
want her to take any unnecessary risks."

What he implied was that he couldn't vouch for the medical skills of the
interpreter. He couldn't use the Paco family's matriarch as an
experiment.

Lumian was actually looking forward to sending Madame Martha to Milo
Village because it meant he might meet the current Governor of the Sea
and have a chance to learn something. He had only suggested that Lugano
treat the matriarch to test Rubió.

The result of the probe revealed many hidden secrets in this matter!

Having agreed to escort Madame Martha and her maid to the Governor of
the Sea at 9 a.m. the following day, Lumian led Ludwig and Lugano out of
the main house at 21 Saint Lana Street. Giorgia walked them all the way
to the door.

Lumian nonchalantly remarked, "Does the Governor of the Sea have to
reside in Milo Village?"

With Lugano's translation, Giorgia nodded slightly and said, "The
Governor of the Sea resides in the building where the vigil ritual is
held every night. He can move freely during the day, but he can't leave
Port Santa."

*The building where the vigil ritual is held? The essence of the vigil
ritual is to allow a quasi-Governor of the Sea to enter the residence
and replace the former Governor of the Sea, waiting to be officially
appointed by the sea the next day?* Lumian speculated, combining
his mysticism knowledge.

He smiled and asked, "What are the perks of being Governor of the Sea?"

After hearing the translation, Giorgia fell silent for a few seconds
before saying, "Among the fishmongers, the merchants, he's already the
true governor in their eyes."

It wasn't an answer, just a whisper of truth.

Lumian nodded without pressing further. He led Ludwig and Lugano through
the iron gates.

After taking a few steps along the verdant path in the forest, he
suddenly looked up.

On a branch stood a gray-feathered myna.

Lumian gave it a cursory glance and continued on, his steps brisk
towards the waiting carriage.

After a while, the myna flapped its wings and flew up. After circling a
few times, it circled a house two streets away before dipping down
towards an open window.

It landed on a middle-aged man's forearm and spoke in precise
Highlander, "Louis Berry is back at the Paco house! He stayed nearly
half an hour!"

The middle-aged man, dressed in gray clothes with disheveled brown hair,
resembling a suburban farmer, fed the myna a few self-made rice grains
and said, "Observe further and see if Rubió Paco and Giorgia will go out
today."

After the myna flew out of the window, the middle-aged man exhaled and
turned around.

Suddenly, his eyes froze as he saw someone sitting in the only armchair!

The man had black hair and green eyes, wearing a white shirt, a black
vest, dark pants, and a golden straw hat.

Louis Berry!

Adventurer Louis Berry!

The middle-aged man's back arched slightly, and his feet parted
slightly, but he took no further action.

Lumian leaned back in his chair and engaged in casual conversation in
Intisian, as if he had been expected.

"What did you have your bird spy on?"

The middle-aged man fell silent for a moment before speaking in somewhat
awkward Intisian, "Watch if anyone enters or exits Paco's house, and see
if there's anything unusual there."

"Very honest." Lumian nodded approvingly. "Who asked you to do it?"

He was pleased that the other party knew some Intisian. Otherwise, he
could only rely on key words to communicate or capture him to have
Lugano translate.

"Juan Oro," the middle-aged man replied without hesitation.

*Juan Oro... The president of the Fisheries Guild and the former village
chief of Milo Village?* Lumian smiled and said, "I'm surprised
you're so forthright."

The middle-aged man forced a smile and said, "I don't think I'm stronger
than Demon Warlock and can defeat you."

"That's right. Those who understand the situation and themselves can
live longer." Lumian crossed his right foot over his left leg. "Why is
Juan Oro monitoring the Paco family?"

"I don't know, and there's no need for me to know. I'll receive a reward
as long as I pass on what I see," the middle-aged man replied sincerely.

Lumian gazed at him for a few seconds before saying, "Did you send that
little monster last night?"

The middle-aged man was taken aback.

"What little monster? What happened last night?"

Lumian chuckled and stood up without explaining.

"What's your name?" he asked as he walked towards the door.

The middle-aged man hesitated for a moment before answering truthfully,
"Sanches."

Lumian opened the door, walked out, and disappeared from Sanches's
sight.

___

Upon his return to Solow Motel, Lumian noticed a folded letter resting
on the master bedroom's desk.

Skillfully unfurling it, he found the distinct handwriting of Madam
Magician.

"You can share those matters with the Two of Cups, but avoid delving
into excessive detail.

"I refrained from elaborating on the voices you heard and the fragments
of civilization you glimpsed earlier as they remain too advanced for
your understanding. Simply remember not to heed random sounds or sights
in an ancient ruin like Fourth Epoch Trier. Also, caution your Warlock
associates---it's acceptable to occasionally take in the Hidden Sage's
indoctrination, but they mustn't fully believe in Him. His state is
precarious."

After incinerating the letter, Lumian contemplated for a moment and
decided to "teleport" back to Trier to inform Franca in person and avert
any potential mishaps.

___

Trier, nestled within the Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative,
Apartment 702 at 9 Rue Orosai.

As Lumian materialized, Franca and Jenna were engrossed in perusing a
stack of ancient information from an unknown source.

"Hey, could you 'teleport' outside and knock? It's quite startling when
you suddenly appear like that!" Franca nearly tensed the formless spider
silk she'd permanently set up in the room.

Lumian chuckled and remarked, "With a Witch's spiritual perception,
what's the difference between me 'teleporting' outside the door and
appearing in the living room?"

"Why the sudden return?" Franca paused before asking, "Madame Magician
said you could share about that matter?"

"What's going on?" Jenna queried, looking puzzled.

She stood up and prepared to leave.

"Yes," Lumian replied to Franca's question, but he made no attempt to
stop Jenna from leaving.

Nor did Franca intervene.

Once Jenna had retreated to her bedroom, Lumian turned to Franca and
disclosed, "When they discussed the wilderness dream, it made me recall
the voices and visions I encountered in Fourth Epoch Trier. They're
connected to the Celestial Master!"