---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2020
index: 549
section: vol4
slug: 549
title: True Purpose
---

## Chapter 549: True Purpose

The young man supporting Juan Oro glanced up at Lumian, who sat beside
the carriage driver with one leg bent, the other propped up. His eyes
blazed with undisguised anger.

The carriage driver jumped in fright and desperately tried to distance
himself from Lumian. However, with a horse in front of him and Lugano on
his left, dodging proved impossible in his haste.

Lugano swallowed hard, blaming his employer for being overly aggressive.

*Is he trying to imitate Gehrman Sparrow?*

But his employer hadn't exhibited such madness before; instead, he
seemed intelligent!

Juan Oro, an elderly man with mottled black hair, seemed oblivious to
the revolver pointed at his forehead. He turned his head, stepped aside
from the firearm, and continued forward.

Observing this, Lumian pulled the trigger without hesitation.

*Bang!*

A yellow bullet shot from the revolver, heading straight for the side of
Juan Oro's head.

At some point, a palm intercepted the bullet, causing it to decelerate
and spin. The bullet landed in the palm, feeling as if it had fallen
into a thick swamp.

The wide, bronzed hand belonged to the young man supporting Juan Oro. He
glared at Lumian, his lips curling in disdain. Then, he bellowed, "Have
you lost your mind?"

Before he could finish, fiery crimson orbs, nearly white in hue,
materialized right in front of him, barely a meter away. They surrounded
him in a blaze.

Almost instantly, Lumian felt as though he'd been ripped from reality.
The carriage disappeared from beneath him, the ground vanished from his
sight, and he found himself in an endless void of darkness.

The crimson fireballs, almost white, were controlled by an unseen force
and changed direction, hurtling down from their original path.

*Rumble!*

They collided with the roadside dozens of meters away, carving deep,
massive craters.

The horses, startled, reared up, neighing in terror. The carriage driver
instinctively pulled at the reins, struggling to calm the panicked
animals.

The "illusion" Lumian experienced dissolved with the explosion. He saw
Juan Oro and the lad again.

Juan Oro, deeply wrinkled with his beard and hair standing on end,
lifted his black cane and growled in a low voice, "Have you had enough?"

Lumian grinned and raised his revolver once more, aiming it at the
president of the Fisheries Guild.

At that moment, Rubió Paco's voice echoed from the rear carriage.

"Let them through," he spoke in Intisian.

Only then did Lumian lower his arm and offer a smile in Intisian.

"My employer says you're free to pass."

He acted as if he couldn't comprehend Juan Oro and the lad's Highlander.

Juan Oro observed him for a moment before shifting his attention. Using
his cane, he circled around to the side of the carriage. The lad
supporting him shot a glare at Lumian, but he was at a loss for cuss
words since Lumian couldn't understand.

Juan Oro glanced at the window and calmly inquired, "Martha, I heard
you're not feeling well?"

"Yes," the old lady weakly replied through the glass.

Juan Oro nodded.

"Has the Governor given you permission to seek treatment? Do you need my
help in pleading your case?"

"He's already given permission," Rubió replied on behalf of his mother.

"That's good." Juan Oro nodded slightly and didn't press further.

He turned and slowly walked toward the building housing the Governor of
the Sea's residence, using his cane as a crutch.

The young man supporting him shot a final glare at Lumian before
refocusing on the old man.

Lumian adjusted his posture, acting as if nothing had transpired. He
said to Lugano, "The carriage can continue forward."

Lugano snapped out of his daze and quickly directed the startled
carriage driver to soothe the horses and exit Milo Village as soon as
possible.

Without any issues, they made their way back to 21 Saint Lana Street.

Lumian retrieved Ludwig, his mouth still glistening with oil, from
Giorgia and smiled at Rubió Paco.

"Remember your promise. Otherwise..."

He smiled and left the statement hanging.

"Don't worry," Rubió replied in Intisian.

After Louis Berry, his godson, and the interpreter departed, Giorgia
sighed in relief and glanced at her husband.

"I've never seen a child eat so much. He must be abnormal!"

"Otherwise, Louis Berry wouldn't have let him stay with us so easily,"
Rubió responded, unfazed.

___

Aquina Street, Solow Motel.

After shutting the door, Lugano couldn't resist asking Lumian, "W-why
were you so aggressive? He's the president of the Port Santa Fisheries
Guild, a big shot. And, we're in Milo Village!"

He suspected his employer had some hidden agenda.

Lumian gave his guide a glance and grinned.

"Why else? When making a scene in public, it's unlikely both parties can
go all out. It's the perfect chance to test them, see what they're made
of. Trying it under the cover of night, when no one cares about the
Church of Earth Mother's authority and the Feynapotter government? That
would be way too risky."

If Lumian had discovered that Juan Oro had godlike powers, he'd need to
act quickly and call for backup!

"Ah, I see..." Lugano had an epiphany.

His employer's craziness was just a facade. Every radical move had an
ulterior motive!

*But why is he in Port Santa? Is he planning something during the sea
prayer ritual? Why target people from the Fisheries Guild?*

*That sounds very dangerous!*

*Should I resign early and forget about the remaining paycheck?*

Lumian observed the silent interpreter and strolled over to a reclining
chair in the living room, settling in with a smile. He leaned back and
relaxed.

What he'd told Lugano was just one layer of the motivations behind his
recent actions---the most surface-level one.

Most importantly, Lumian aimed to send a clear message with his radical
actions:

He was in Port Santa to investigate the sea prayer ritual, unafraid of
the Fisheries Guild or Milo Village. He possessed the strength and
courage to back it up!

Breaking into the Governor of the Sea's residence or casually pointing a
gun at Juan Oro's head and firing---all of it was to convey this
information.

Lumian believed there were dissatisfied people in Port Santa regarding
the Fisheries Guild's sea prayer ritual. After all, the primary
beneficiaries were fishermen, sea merchants, and those in related
industries, not representative of the entire Port Santa population.

For instance, even though the Church of Earth Mother and the Port Santa
government had allowed the Fisheries Guild autonomy and excluded
outsiders from involvement, someone bold enough to investigate,
regardless of consequences, might tempt others. Could they silently or
even covertly support this person to stir up trouble for their benefit?

Likewise, the beneficiaries wouldn't be united. Some gaining meant
others losing; the powerful had jealous rivals. While not wanting the
sea prayer ritual to end, they likely desired those in power to suffer
and vacate their positions.

Lumian, by setting up a flag to investigate the sea prayer ritual and
displaying decisiveness, steadfastness, and strength, didn't need to
painstakingly gather clues. From his residence, he could receive various
pieces of information, openly and covertly, and compare them to
determine authenticity.

For an outsider with limited time, this was the fastest and most
effective way to uncover the entire sea prayer ritual process and the
truth about last year's accident.

For the key member of April Fool's lurking in the shadows, possibly
setting a trap, this was a strategic move to draw attention to
adventurer Louis Berry and raise suspicion.

In due time, armed with the acquired information and discovered clues,
Lumian had a chance to expose them through their own trap.

Of course, the main drawback of this plan was its relative danger.
Putting himself in the spotlight was a risk, but in the pursuit of prey,
risks were inevitable. Moreover, Lumian had plenty of allies.

As these thoughts raced through Lumian's mind, he realized that becoming
a Conspirer had given him a clearer understanding of the situation and
the conflicts between various groups. Using a term favored by Aurore, he
developed a deeper insight into conspiracies: "The most brilliant
conspiracy is an open conspiracy!"

This became a key principle for his future acting.

Around 2 p.m., Lumian spotted his messenger, Penitent Baynfel, emerging
from the void and handing him a letter.

Puzzled, he asked, "Who's it from?"

Haven't those he needed to communicate with already been reached?

"It's from the tall Demoness," Baynfel replied.

*What's up with Franca again?* Lumian took the letter and began
reading.

*The man she and Jenna encountered on the fourth level of the catacombs
is suspected to be from the world where the Celestial Master
resides---the world before her transmigration?* Lumian's pupils
dilated slightly.

This was different from the members of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research
Society; they had transmigrated through their souls, but these
individuals had brought their bodies over!

In the midst of his surprise, Lumian pondered a crucial question.

*Why would someone like that venture into the fourth level of the
catacombs?*

*Was it because the Samaritan Women's Spring lay sealed there, along
with the River Styx's overflowing water that bridged the two
worlds?*

*Had similar individuals entered our world before? If so, why hadn't
they left any trace like Emperor Roselle and the other
transmigrators?*

*Franca and Jenna's expedition to the fourth level of the catacombs
appears laden with coincidences. Not only did they uncover a new Mirror
World Fragment, but they also encountered such a person.*

After penning a letter to Franca, Lumian was about to request Lugano to
translate today's newspapers when footsteps echoed from the corridor.

His eyebrows twitched as he pulled up an armchair, facing the door.

*Knock, knock, knock.* A few seconds later, a knock resounded on
their suite's door.

"Who is it?" Lugano inquired.

A mature and gentle voice floated from beyond the door.

"I'm Noelia of the Fertility Order."

Upon hearing this name, Lumian leaned back slightly and offered a smile.

He sensed that his digestion of the Conspirer potion had progressed a
bit further.