---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2026
index: 555
section: vol4
slug: 555
title: Monster Illustrated
---

## Chapter 555: Monster Illustrated

It wasn't until three tramps pointed revolvers at him that Lugano sprang
into action.

As a seasoned bounty hunter, he had no time to discern where the
assailants planned to shoot. He pushed off with strength in his feet,
swiftly lunging to the side.

He dodged two bullets, but the third one was too close, altering his
trajectory---inevitably striking him.

In midair, Lugano did something unconventional.

Instead of curling up to shield vital spots, he extended his body, using
his palm to shield his chest.

*Bang!*

The bullet connected with his right rib, unleashing a vivid spray of
blood.

With a thud, Lugano landed on the street, rolling forward to evade
subsequent shots.

In the midst of his lunge, Lumian's form materialized from the shadows
by the roadside. He delivered a powerful punch to the tramp who had just
fired.

With a resounding thud, the tramp's eyes rolled back, and he crumpled,
unconscious.

Lumian returned to the shadows and swiftly moved behind another tramp.
Before he could fire a second shot, Lumian punched him behind the ear.

As the tramp collapsed, Lugano skillfully evaded the second bullet fired
by the remaining assailant.

In that tense moment, passersby and elderly women chatting on the street
scattered, desperately seeking cover. The surroundings seemed eerily
vacant.

Shadows danced as Lumian emerged from the darkness beside the last
assailant. Extending his right palm, he seized the other's neck.

Almost simultaneously, the assailant's mouth opened naturally, emitting
a slender black shadow.

An insect, as thick as a finger, with tentacle-like bristles floating on
its body, lunged straight for Lumian's neck.

"Hmph!"

Two pale-white beams of light flickered in Lumian's nostrils. The
slender, peculiar black insect lost its strength, gently descending into
his raised left palm.

*As anticipated...* Lumian withdrew his right hand from the
tramp's neck, unfazed.

The tramp's eyes returned to normal. Clutching his revolver, he
staggered backward, leaning against the wall before slumping to the
ground in a daze.

Lumian paid him no heed. Utilizing the shadows, he swiftly approached an
unconscious tramp, noticing a small, bloodless wound on the back of his
cervical spine.

Another slender, bristle-covered black insect darted out, attempting
escape. Lumian's hand, engulfed in crimson flames, seized it. After a
few struggles, the insect emitted a cooked fragrance.

Subsequently, Lumian employed a similar method to handle the strange
black insect emerging from another tramp's body.

During this procedure, Lugano half-squatted on the street, his left palm
flickering with a clear light as he pressed it against the gunshot wound
on his right rib.

The charred wound immediately contracted, ceasing to ooze blood.

Drawing a dagger, Lugano skillfully "picked" a yellow bullet from the
wound with precision and efficacy.

With that accomplished, he generated a faint light in his left palm,
pressing it against the wound.

The injury squirmed and swiftly fused, reducing to a fifth of its
original size in no time.

Lugano had intentionally stretched, hoping the bullet would hit a spot
he could conveniently handle!

As he retrieved a bandage to tend to the remaining wound, Lumian
approached, extending his free right palm.

Understanding his employer's gesture, Lugano returned the Lie earring,
expressing relief, "Fortunately, I'm a Doctor. As long as I'm not killed
on the spot, gunshot wounds aren't a big deal."

Silently, Lumian donned the silver Lie earring. Leaning down, he pressed
and swiped at Lugano's wound, transferring it to the back of his right
hand.

Due to the disparity in location and Lugano's pre-treatment, the wound
regressed into a small scrape---one akin to scraping against a rough
wall.

"..." Lugano stared at the wound that didn't even require a bandage,
falling into a prolonged silence.

Lumian smiled and remarked, "Why else do you think I let you carry Lie?"

"..." Lugano gaped, uncertain of what to say.

Surveying the area, Lumian instructed, "Take the three tramps' guns and
wait for the police to arrive. Report that you were attacked.

"After giving your statement, if there's nothing else, take Ludwig to
the Fertility Order's entrance and have them uphold justice and maintain
order in Port Santa."

"Alright, alright." Lugano hurriedly stood up.

Just as he took two steps toward the dazed tramp, realization struck. He
turned around and blurted, "What about you? Where are you going?"

In his haste, he had forgotten to use honorifics.

Lumian simply chuckled, saying nothing.

I sent you to the Fertility Order to inform them of my intentions---to
let them know!

Lumian proceeded towards Solow Motel, leaving crimson flames in his wake
that incinerated the blood dripped by Lugano.

As he advanced, Lumian lowered his voice and asked, "Temiboros, do you
recognize these insects?"

Termiboros remained silent.

Upon reaching the suite on the fifth floor, Lumian observed Ludwig
eagerly awaiting him.

His heart stirred as he spread his left palm, revealing three black
insects. Casually, he inquired, "Do you know what these are?"

Ludwig nodded obediently, speaking swiftly, "Batings Black Insect, a
creature from Planet Heveen 3. Rich in various proteins and possessing
high energy levels. They invade human bodies via the cervical spine,
controlling their nervous systems to manipulate them to their advantage.

"These Batings Black Insects ceased evolving generations ago. While
controlling the nervous system, the host's movements stiffen, and their
eyes roll back.

"They seldom directly kill the host, but their larvae, once laid, absorb
the host's energy, indirectly leading to their demise.

"In ancient times, many of their ancestors received boons. Though their
descendants no longer possess these, their body structures adapted to
the boon's power were inherited, eventually evolving into this special
species with minor Beyonder-level powers.

"Consider it a special spirit world creature or a degenerated Beyonder
creature."

After the long explanation, Ludwig gazed at Lumian longingly, asking,
"That's all I have to say. Can I eat them now?"

*You really know... You make it sound so real. The Batings Black Insect,
Planet Heveen 3. What's happening... The alien planets Aurore
mentioned?* Lumian was taken aback.

Lumian wasn't surprised that Ludwig had the desire to consume the
Batings Black Insects.

This guy could even gnaw on live rats!

The insects even emitted a rather pleasant fragrance after being
roasted.

Lumian stared at Ludwig for a few seconds before handing over the three
Batings Black Insects in his hand.

Ludwig didn't hide his delight. He swiftly devoured two of the roasted
insects, relishing the explosion of juices in his mouth.

He half-closed his eyes, and an unusual fluctuation seemed to surge
within him.

Lumian furrowed his brow in confusion but refrained from intervening.

Having used the Mystery Prying Glasses to discover that there appeared
to be something beneath Ludwig's skin, coupled with Ludwig's daily
behavior and the Church of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom's stance,
Lumian speculated that the boy was a monster in human guise, sealed by
the Church to carry out tasks inconvenient for deploying clergymen.

Regarding the Reader pathway controlled by the Church of the God of
Knowledge and Wisdom, it held various applications at the Body of Heart
and Mind level. It was reasonable to assume why Ludwig's mind had
suffered damage after being sealed, rendering him seemingly foolish.

After 20 to 30 seconds, Ludwig opened his eyes and rushed to the dining
table. Grabbing a small steel table knife, he carefully placed the
remaining Batings Black Insect on the tablecloth and skillfully cut it
open, removing numerous black fascias.

Ludwig poured a glass of Manzan and arranged the fascia and the shell of
the Batings Black Insect on the table, adding the black juice squeezed
from the insect's body.

Lumian observed as the pale-golden liquor swiftly transformed into a
dark-red, almost black hue, emitting dense bubbles.

Once the bubbles subsided, Ludwig lifted the peculiar cocktail.

Only then did he remember Lumian's presence. Stammering, he asked, "Can
I---can I drink a little?"

*A sealed Body of Heart and Mind indeed...* Lumian smiled and
sighed.

"Drink up."

*Gulp! Gulp!* Ludwig finished the small amount of dark-red
nearly black liquor and expressed satisfaction to Lumian, saying, "After
concocting the Batings Black Insect's bodily fluids, it can enhance the
physique of those who drink it for the first time to a certain extent.
It grants everyone the ability to paralyze primate creatures within two
hours. Yes, it will only be effective through contact."

*Th-this is turning the Batings Black Insect into something akin to
charms? Moreover, it provides permanent effects and short-term Beyonder
powers...* Amidst Lumian's surprise, he sensed that Ludwig had
undergone significant changes.

He had never demonstrated the ability to prepare such food before!

Lumian didn't delve deeper and calmly remarked, "Take Lugano to the
Fertility Order's entrance later and ensure he informs Noelia about the
attack."

"Alright." In a good mood, Ludwig readily agreed.

___

Meanwhile at the port district---while Ludwig and Lugano arrived at the
Fertility Order.

Wearing a golden straw hat, Lumian strolled towards the square dominated
by an Ocean Waves statue. His attention focused on the grayish-black
house adorned with the Port Santa Fisheries Guild's sign.

The four- or five-story castle-like ancient structure was rumored to be
over a millennium old, having been destroyed and rebuilt centuries ago.

Lumian's eyes traced the intricate symbols on the wall, which included
iron hooks and fishing nets. Adjusting his straw hat, he proceeded
towards the Fisheries Guild.