---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2040
index: 564
section: vol4
slug: 564
title: Individual Roles
---

## Chapter 564: Individual Roles

Looking at the specter suspected to be Iru, Juan Oro's expression
shifted.

Back then, even though they had missed the optimal time for spirit
channeling, they still managed to learn about the deaths on the first
day and found items that could accurately pinpoint the target. Utilizing
the Little Devil's ability, they completed the summoning, but none of
the deceased spirits appeared. This led them to believe that the human
spirits that angered the sea would be devoured. No further attempts were
made.

Nearly a year later, the summoning had actually succeeded!

Moreover, it appeared that Iru hadn't drowned at sea but had been shot.

This was entirely different from the backlash caused by the failure of
the sea prayer ritual!

Charname used Hermes to inquire about the spirit suspected to be Iru,
but the target was already in a daze and couldn't recall anything. Even
his appearance had become blurry, assimilated by the environment.

Charname concluded the ritual and used Salah's clothes, worn over many
years, to summon the spirit of the other deceased.

This time, nothing happened.

Charname refrained from further attempts. He extinguished the candle's
flame and dispelled the wall of spirituality. In Highlander, he
addressed Juan Oro, "The problem has become clearer."

Juan Oro didn't respond. Instead, he turned to his grandson, Fernandez.

"Take them out and send them home. Instruct each of them."

"Alright." Although Fernandez yearned to hear Charname's conjecture and
understand the subsequent events, he didn't dare disobey his
grandfather's orders. He hurriedly led the surviving sailors out of the
lounge and closed the door.

After a few moments, Juan Oro shifted his gaze to Charname, whose
features didn't stand out.

"Are you suggesting that the Iru who perished during the sea prayer
ritual was an imposter?"

Charname asked with a smirk, "Why do you think the fake Iru is really
dead? The others might have been swallowed by the sea, but not him."

Disregarding the miraculous resurrection, nobody present could prove
that the fake Iru had indeed fallen into the sea.

Observing Juan Oro's silence, Charname pressed on, "The real Iru should
have been assassinated by those saboteurs days or even weeks before the
sea prayer ritual. No, he was more likely to have been kidnapped, killed
by a gun a period after the sea prayer ritual completed; after all, the
living cannot have their spirit channeled. Later, someone disguised
themselves as him and lived in Milo Village for a period. Without
arousing suspicion, they boarded the Governor of the Sea's wedding ship
as a sailor.

"Right, is Iru the kind with no living elders, no spouse, no kids, and
not residing with siblings?"

Juan Oro's eyes narrowed as he spoke, "More or less. Their grandmother
passed away over a decade ago. His parents, Children of the Sea,
established a separate family. After reaching adulthood, they lost
control of their powers, turning into pure sea spawn. We had to send
them back to the sea."

"As expected, they picked the sailor with the least difficult disguise,"
Charname remarked with a sigh.

Juan Oro frowned and said, "Yet, everyone boarding the ship undergoes a
routine inspection by another sea spawn to confirm authenticity."

Charname chuckled.

"As you said, it's a routine inspection, and in this world, many
disguises require specific methods or deeper identification to uncover."

Juan Oro nodded solemnly.

Charname kindly suggested with a hint of flaunting, "Next time, it might
be wise to draw blood from everyone boarding the ship and compare it to
their closest relatives. It could reveal their true bloodline."

"That's an idea," Juan Oro tersely acknowledged.

Over the centuries, the sea prayer ritual had encountered no issues, so
they hadn't considered refining the details.

Juan Oro inquired, "What do those who disrupted the ritual want?"

"We're not certain either," Charname shrugged, glancing towards the
curtained window that led to the Governor of the Sea's residence.

Juan Oro sensed a hint in Charname's allusion to something Louis Berry
had mentioned earlier. He subtly nodded and added, "When this year's sea
prayer ritual succeeds, we'll release Miguel and allow him to live in
Torres. By then, the failure of last year's ritual won't remain a
secretive burden. There's no need for us to harm Miguel."

"Miguel?" Charname inquired thoughtfully.

"He's the false Governor of the Sea. He used to work for the Fisheries
Company, and his lineage traces back to Milo Village," Juan Oro
explained succinctly.

Charname diverted his gaze, a faint smile gracing his lips.

"He's had his year of indulgence. Fear may linger, but everything comes
with a price."

The companion of the great adventurer paused, curiosity lighting up his
eyes.

"Did your ancestor come from the depths of the sea, or did ordinary
fishermen suddenly gain inspiration and enlightenment, mastering the art
of pleasing the sea and gaining its favor?" he inquired.

Juan Oro took a moment of silence before responding, "We don't know.
Both possibilities are equally plausible. Milo Village was once
eradicated by the Church of Earth Mother. Many legacies were severed,
and we're left clueless about our ancestors' origins.

"On a personal note, I lean towards the second theory. We're different
from typical sea spawn. The children we bear initially resemble humans.
It's only as they absorb more of the sea's power that they transform
into humanoid lizards. Additionally, while our strength weakens, theirs
does not."

Charname nodded in agreement.

"I'm inclined to think the second scenario is more likely too."

He then asked, "Have all traces of Milo Village's ancestors truly been
erased? Is there no evidence left?"

Juan Oro studied Charname for a moment before revealing, "There's some
residual evidence in the underground chamber of the Governor of the
Sea's residence, but it's just symbols and patterns. They're meaningless
and indecipherable.

"If you want to see them, wait until the vigil ritual. But aren't you
concerned about the risk of exposing our collaboration by going to the
Governor of the Sea's residence now?"

"Fair point." After obtaining other details, Charname abruptly receded
into the shadows in the corner and vanished.

Juan Oro watched as the great adventurer's companion disappeared and
released a slow sigh.

He sensed a storm brewing around Port Santa.

___

In the master bedroom of the fifth-floor suite at Solow Motel.

Emerging from the shadows, Charname adorned the silver Lie earring
behind his left ear. His eyes swiftly transformed, becoming as clear as
a lake, and his flaxen-tinted hair cascaded over his shoulders.

Franca, still radiating astonishing charm despite her male attire,
tossed the earring back to Lumian. She retrieved a black rubber band
from her pocket and tied her long hair into a high ponytail.

"I've discovered traces of Bard!" the Demoness of Pleasure exclaimed
with joy.

"Why Bard and not the other two?" Lumian sat in an armchair in front of
the desk, tightly drawn curtains behind him.

Deliberately returning to Trier and bringing Franca to Port Santa for
her assistance, Lumian believed himself inferior to the Demoness of
Pleasure in divination and spirit channeling. Rather than wasting the
truth serum, he sought Franca's direct help. Additionally, he wanted
Franca to assume the guise of his other identity, completely separating
"him" from the adventurer Louis Berry. This would enable him to deceive
those secretly monitoring him and potentially execute future deceptions.

Franca shared her findings from the spirit channeling today and the
completed conversation.

"The fake Iru must first possess powers akin to a Faceless's, followed
by adept thieving skills. Long ago, I Know Someone mentioned that Bard
is a Sequence 6 Prometheus of the Marauder pathway. It's highly likely
he's even stronger now.

"If others hadn't confirmed that Loki wasn't involved in last year's sea
prayer ritual prank, at least not openly, he would have been the most
suitable to impersonate Iru. Now, the probability of Iru being Bard is
higher.

"As a Mid-Sequence Marauder Beyonder, perhaps he possesses an item
similar to Lie. Maybe he prayed to that Celestial Worthy, undergoing a
change in physique and appearance. Additionally, he could be imbued with
mystical anti-divination and anti-prophecy traits. Marauder is one of
the three pathways most easily influenced by Celestial Worthy."

Lumian listened quietly, and a smile gradually formed on his face.

"Bard's role and purpose in last year's ritual are essentially clear.

"He disguised himself as a sailor, boarded the ship, stole the genuine
ceremonial ring, and replaced it with a fake one. Then, he willingly
leaped into the sea, feigning his death to make his escape!"

Lumian paused briefly before continuing, "The question now is, what
roles did Mad Lady and Ultraman play in this matter? So far, their
presence doesn't seem to affect the final failure of the sea prayer
ritual."

Franca pursed her lips and paced back and forth.

"Mad Lady might handle receiving and communication. For instance, after
Bard jumped into the sea, she could 'teleport' over and whisk him away
to prevent him from being consumed by the tumultuous sea. Only a
Traveler possesses such an ability.

"Ultraman is likely responsible for providing information about the sea
prayer ritual and devising the corresponding plan. But that can't be
all. He probably has other roles..."

Lumian leaned back in his chair, stroking his chin thoughtfully.

"I concur with your hypothesis about Mad Lady, but according to the
information we have, entering those special waters requires guidance
from the Children of the Sea, following a specific route. How did Mad
Lady 'teleport' inside? Was she lurking on the ship? Or does Bard carry
some special coordinates with him? It's certainly not a physical item;
otherwise, it would have been discovered.

"As for Ultraman, I've always suspected he's a native of Port Santa with
a profound understanding of the sea prayer ritual. He likely
orchestrated the prank last year."

At this point, Lumian stood up.

"My intuition suggests that if we can uncover Ultraman's actions in last
year's prank and identify his role beyond being the mastermind, we can
discern April Fool's true motives in this matter!"