---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2048
index: 572
section: vol4
slug: 572
title: The Real Target
---

## Chapter 572: The Real Target

Under the crimson moonlight, the crew members stumbled towards the dock
like the living dead, moving towards the various buildings concealed in
the darkness.

In seven to eight minutes, their figures vanished from different spots.

Immediately after, Nolfi and Batna observed pitch-black shapes emerging
at the edge of the cabin, and eerie pale-white or dark-green flames
igniting across the deck.

Figures crawled out of the pitch-black flames.

Some wore tattered clothes, and their skin visibly rotted. Others were
white bones with fragments of flesh hanging from them. Pale-white flames
protruded from their eye sockets.

These were all corpses!

Soon, a half-rotted corpse in a dirty jacket hoisted the sail. The
corpse with a missing breastbone stowed the heavy anchor. The other
corpses took their positions, steering the sailboat slowly away from the
port.

As they gazed at the decaying flesh, pale-white bones, and sinister
flames of different hues, Batna and Nolfi felt as if they had stepped
into a novel world.

Horror novels! Ghostly tales!

"Navigator, it's time for you to work." Charname's voice snapped Nolfi
back to reality.

___

In the Governor of the Sea's residence.

Lumian leaned against the statue-less wall, surveying the other deputy
hosts in the hall, including Juan Oro.

Uncertain if any of them were genuine, they could easily be impersonated
by a Faceless.

In the upcoming operation, the only person he could unequivocally trust
was himself.

An hour passed in an indescribable silence. This time, Lumian took the
initiative, leading Juan Oro into the basement to retrieve the Ring of
the Sea Queen, completing the "paying homage to the ancestors" segment.

The ring rested on the dilapidated stone platform, untouched. Lumian
couldn't be certain if it was authentic, but the patterns, symbols, and
structure seemed intact, and no one had lurked in the basement after
inspection.

Maintaining his calm demeanor and a tense heart, Lumian patiently waited
until 6 a.m., feeling both mental and physical fatigue dissipate.

Two hours later, the current Governor of the Sea, Simon, exited the
vigil room with four Maidens of the Sea and approached the building's
door.

Lumian, Juan Oro, and the other deputy hosts promptly stood up and
followed.

The two-story sailboat, adorned with colorful flowers, docked at the
Milo Village's docks. Villagers acted as guards, blocking anyone daring
to approach.

Ascending the gangway to the deck, Lumian sensed an invisible gaze from
every window, flower, and mast---a familiar feeling from when the
statues in the Governor of the Sea's residence came to life.

He calmly navigated through the gazes, adhering to Juan Oro's
instructions to stand at the left edge of the deck.

This was the designated spot for him, the deputy host named Brian.

*Bang! Bang! Bang!*

On the dock of Milo Village, vibrant paper fragments burst forth from
crackers, creating a colorful display.

Amid the festive atmosphere, the ship set sail gradually. It circled
Port Santa, capturing the cheers and blessings of the people before
venturing toward the distant sea.

As the navigator, Juan Oro guided the ship into a boundless azure sea
with no discernible landmarks. They weaved between left and right turns,
occasionally reversing direction.

Nearly an hour passed, and beneath the clear, bright sky, dense fog
suddenly enveloped the ship.

*Splash!*

Within the fog's depths, waves surged like mountains. Any ship it
touched would capsize or shatter.

The Governor of the Sea, the Maidens of the Sea, some sailors, and the
two deputy hosts, participating in the sea sacrificial segment for the
first time, were terror-stricken by the ominous scene, their faces
paling.

For Juan Oro, a veteran of many sea sacrifices, it seemed like he was
observing a child's plaything. He directed the sailors with no emotional
fluctuations, guiding the ship along the only safe sea route through the
thick fog and exaggerated waves.

After an unknown duration, the fog lifted, and the tidal waves
miraculously subsided. An ocean resembling sapphires unfolded before
Lumian's eyes.

The sea appeared limitless, but the distance and sky were gray, with
only a hint of sunlight seeping through.

___

Port Santa, Solow Motel.

Lugano stood by the window, observing as the citizens formed celebratory
teams, weaving through streets and alleys, spreading their joy.

Having already taken Ludwig to witness the Governor of the Sea's
colorful betrothal ship ritual and participated in two spontaneous
citizen-led celebrations, Lugano returned to the suite as teatime
approached. There, he provided Ludwig with food he had purchased and
prepared in advance.

*I could still head out later. When the Governor of the Sea returns,
another wave of celebrations will ensue. Unfortunately, I can't engage
with the enthusiastic Feynapotter girls with such a child in
tow...* Lugano thought regretfully.

At that moment, a knock echoed on the door.

"Who is it?" Lugano, a seasoned bounty hunter, heightened his guard.

"It's me." A gentle voice emanated from outside the door.

Lugano recognized her as Rubió Paco's wife, Madame Giorgia.

She's here to see the boss? Has something happened to the Paco family
again? Lugano glanced at Ludwig, who was eating earnestly, and quickly
walked to the door and opened it.

Giorgia, not clad in her usual glamorous attire, wore a black dress akin
to that of an old widowed matriarch.

Her long, disheveled brown hair was in disarray, and her thick azure
eyes betrayed an unmistakable fear and panic.

"Where's Monsieur Louis Berry?" the lady inquired.

"He's participating in various celebrations for the sea prayer ritual,"
Lugano fabricated an excuse.

He observed the distressed Madame Giorgia and instinctively inquired
with concern, "Did something happen?"

"H-h..." Giorgia stammered, panic and fear evident in her eyes. "I
discovered the true identity of that humanoid lizard!"

*That humanoid lizard? The one the boss killed?* Amidst Lugano's
confusion, Giorgia suddenly threw herself into his arms.

The fragrance permeated Lugano's senses, momentarily hindering him from
immediately pushing the madam away.

Giorgia suppressed her voice but couldn't conceal her fear.

"That humanoid lizard was my husband, Rubió Paco!"

"Huh?" Lugano was both surprised and bewildered.

Giorgia gritted her teeth and explained, "The one you guys saw, it's
fake!"

*Fake? Someone impersonated Rubió Paco, and the real Rubió Paco had
transformed into a humanoid lizard, killed by the boss?* As this
realization struck Lugano, his thoughts suddenly slowed down. The
surroundings seemed coated in a glass-like layer.

He instinctively struggled, but Giorgia held him tightly, interrupting
him with various subtle actions.

Ludwig, engrossed in devouring a skewer of roasted octopuses at the
dining table, appeared oblivious to the unfolding silent drama at the
door.

In a suite diagonally across the corridor, Rubió Paco sat quietly in a
recliner, wearing a faint smile.

He had orchestrated the humanoid lizard incident and hired Louis Berry
to resolve it intentionally. Firstly, he aimed to confirm the other
party's identity. Secondly, he wanted to leave a vulnerability in the
Paco family's handling of weak monsters, ensuring others wouldn't
suspect a Faceless's involvement to confuse the target.

However, he abandoned the plan to deal with Louis Berry and refrained
from triggering the corresponding trap.

This decision wasn't due to uncertainty about the target's identity; the
Mysteries aura on Lumian Lee's chest couldn't escape his notice. He was
unlike others. Instead, he had a new plan.

The overall April Fool's operation might not align with Loki's personal
objectives!

His current focus shifted to the young boy, Ludwig.

To him, a sealed demigod-level powerhouse was a gift from the Celestial
Worthy!

No ritualistic target could be more suitable.

Hence, he hinted at the sea anomaly, simultaneously confusing Lumian Lee
and allowing him to connect the concepts of sealing and theft,
understanding what occurred during last year's prank. He took the
initiative to board the ship and head to the sea sacrifice grounds,
enticing this formidable opponent away while another force restrained
him.

Now, he was ready to execute a grand performance, captivating the
attention of numerous Port Santa citizens!

___

The calm, gem-like sea held no waves. The four Maidens of the Sea
engaged in a brief sacrificial dance, while sailors carried
offerings---lambs, roosters, ox heads, and more---from the cabin,
stacking them at the bow.

With the Ring of the Sea Queen in hand, Juan Oro approached the Governor
of the Sea, awaiting the groom's gift for the proposed marriage.

Lumian, vigilant of everyone present, scanned his surroundings.

Any one of them could suddenly reveal themselves as Bard, Mad Lady,
Ultraman, Loki, Hisoka, or a marionette.

The gentle, rhythmic dance concluded swiftly. Juan Oro produced the
peculiar golden ring, passing it to the incumbent Governor of the Sea,
Simon Guiaro.

At that moment, a person emerged openly from the cabin.

A woman in a black nun's uniform and matching hat, her expression calm
yet tinged with sadness.

The surrounding sailors paid her no heed, as if she were invisible.

Seeing this, Lumian's pupils dilated, then constricted.

It was the source of Derangement!

The humanoid Sealed Artifact lost by the Eternal Blazing Sun Church!

In an instant, Lumian comprehended two things.

The Death Navigators, transformed Governors of the Sea, had
coincidentally appeared near the Flying Bird, stirring colossal waves.

The humanoid Sealed Artifact had unconsciously set out to sea,
coincidentally choosing the same destination as him---Port Santa.

There was a purpose behind this!