---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2051
index: 575
section: vol4
slug: 575
title: '"Handover"'
---

## Chapter 575: "Handover"

After a while, Charname reached his limit. He stared at Nolfi and
questioned, "Do you have any secret collaborators?"

Nolfi gently nodded and admitted, "Yes."

Batna and Charname anticipated this response, but it failed to dampen
Charname's excitement.

"Who is it?"

Nolfi hesitated for a moment before revealing, "It's, it's Juan Oro!"

*Juan Oro? The president of the Fisheries Guild?* Batna was
caught off guard.

Charname shared the sentiment.

*Could the spy be the boss?* Despite his critique, he pressed
on, "Are you sure it's Juan Oro?"

While instructing Juan Oro to investigate the core members of the
Fisheries Guild, Lumian, who had uncovered the Church of Earth Mother's
true motives, sought similar information from Noelia of the Fertility
Order, which included Juan Oro, the president.

Official reports indicated that Juan Oro's health had been relatively
stable. He had never faced serious illness or severe injury. Moreover,
he hadn't displayed any signs of losing control of his lizard form.

In essence, there was no indication that he had been possessed by
Ultraman, a transmigrator.

Naturally, a definitive judgment couldn't be made based solely on this
information. After all, when the original bodies of many Curly-Haired
Baboons Research Society members met unfortunate fates, there were no
witnesses.

Despite growing older, Juan Oro's personality remained relatively
unchanged, sans the increasingly stubborn streak and a penchant for
returning to the sea.

Crucially, if Juan Oro were Ultraman, many of April Fool's disruptive
actions during the sea prayer ritual would be unnecessary. It could be
executed in a simpler and more covert manner.

Considering these factors, Charname had previously concluded that Juan
Oro wasn't a key member of April Fool's.

Nolfi pursed her lips and disclosed, "It's him. I met him six months ago
in Port Rayak."

Rayak, located north of the Dariège mountain range, served as a port
under the jurisdiction of the Riston Province in the Intis Republic.

"Met before?" Charname blurted out. "Your eyes can deceive you. What you
perceive doesn't necessarily reflect reality."

Unable to hold back his desire to confide, he continued, "Just like now.
The me you see isn't equivalent to the real me. The difference is quite
significant."

"Are you suggesting that the Juan Oro I encountered was an imposter?"
Nolfi expressed disbelief. "But, he also demonstrated the ability to
control the waves!"

Charname chuckled.

"Many Fisheries Guild committee members possess such abilities. What if
one of them impersonated Juan Oro?"

"But, but it's too similar..." Nolfi fell into self-doubt.

Charname spoke casually, "Based on the intel we gathered, Juan Oro
hasn't left Port Santa for nearly a decade.

"He's the president of the Fisheries Guild. He frequents the association
daily."

While this information was used to persuade Nolfi, it wasn't conclusive
evidence. If Juan Oro were Ultraman, he could have enlisted Mad Lady's
help to travel to Port Rayak and return in less than two hours.

Under such circumstances, hardly anyone would notice his brief absence.

Nolfi fell silent, pondering, and muttered, "Then, then who could it
be?"

"How would I know?" Charname expressed his criticism.

Appearing slightly awkward, he shifted the conversation.

"What kind of collaboration did the imposter Juan Oro seek with you? Do
you have any means to obliterate the underwater palace and put an end to
the sea prayer ritual once and for all?"

Nolfi's body quivered, as if grappling with an innate urge.

After a brief pause, she struggled in response, "H-he'll help me cover
my tracks and disregard my existence. He'll permit me to board a ship
and infiltrate the sea sacrifice waters ahead of the Governor of the
Sea's vessel and conceal myself.

"Then, as the Governor of the Sea unveils the Ring of the Sea Queen and
utters the words of the marriage proposal, I'll deliver a line.

"My mother imparted that passage to me. It originated from her profound
connection with the palace when she received the sea's blessing.
Its---its purpose is to trigger a self-destruct sequence within the
palace."

Nolfi's words flowed more effortlessly, signifying that she had given up
on resisting.

"Self-destruction sequence? Are you certain? Do you comprehend that
language from God knows where?" Charname wore an expression of
skepticism.

"That's what my mother told me." Nolfi conveyed her lack of
understanding of the language's meaning.

Charname pressed on, "Does your mother comprehend that language?"

"She doesn't, but she grasps its significance. Can you fathom it? It's a
form of spiritual communication," Nolfi defended her mother with
determination.

"Deceiving through soul-level communication isn't out of the realm of
possibility. Moreover, it's always simpler to dupe the illiterate,"
Charname muttered his internal grievances once again.

He furrowed his brow and inquired, "Did the imposter Juan Oro inform you
that the sea prayer ritual failed last year?"

"No. If he had, I wouldn't have chartered a boat at Port Santa," Nolfi
expressed her frustration on the matter.

Had she known from the beginning that last year's sea prayer ritual had
faltered, she would have anticipated heightened vigilance at Port Santa
this year. Those attempting to rent a boat for a sea journey would
undoubtedly be on a watch list.

Charname wore a perplexed expression.

"Wouldn't that mean the imposter Juan Oro was expecting you to be
apprehended by Lato Guiaro..."

Half a year ago, neither April Fool's nor anyone with ulterior motives
in Port Santa had foreseen Lumian's arrival to investigate the sea
prayer ritual. This suggested that Nolfi's original role wasn't designed
to lure Lumian. It might have been part of April Fool's initial plan
until they reconsidered, opting to exploit the great adventurer's
investigations.

Under such circumstances, letting Nolfi be captured by Lato Guiaro was
evidently not a mere oversight in April Fool's plan, unless that was
their intention all along.

*Is Nolfi being thrown into the mix to confuse the Fisheries Guild and
sow suspicion among other committee members against Juan Oro? A rift
between them would hinder their cooperation. But this strategy doesn't
seem cunning enough...*

*Is it an attempt to divert the Church of Earth Mother's attention from
this year's sea prayer ritual and redirect it towards Nolfi?*

*Or... or...*

Franca, posing as Charname, had a guess.

*Or perhaps, Lato Guiaro is a member of April Fool's!*

*The moment Nolfi arrived at Port Santa and tried to rent a boat, she
was apprehended. Not only does Lato Guiaro hold complete sway over this
"collaborator," but he also offers corresponding protection... Could it
be that when the sea prayer ritual is on the brink of commencing, he
will feign a lapse in vigilance, allowing Nolfi to escape successfully
and secure a boat?*

With this speculation in mind, the more Franca considered Lato Guiaro,
the more something felt awry.

Whether it was the intel provided by the Knight of Swords or information
from the authorities, a consistent message emerged:

Lato Guiaro had slept in separate rooms from his wife many years ago!

For transmigrators, after taking over the original owner's body, their
greatest apprehension was being exposed by those around them through
various details. Among these people, the ones most likely to unveil
their disguises were their deeply connected parents and spouses who
shared the same bed. In particular, the latter were privy to many
interaction habits unknown to others. In such circumstances, opting to
sleep in separate rooms was evidently a form of self-protection for
transmigrators.

Initially, Franca had a fleeting suspicion when she came across this
information, but she promptly dismissed it. Firstly, it wasn't uncommon
for a middle-aged man and his wife to have separate sleeping quarters.
Lato Guiaro wasn't the sole Fisheries Guild committee member to adopt
this practice. Secondly, Lato Guiaro had previously been forcibly
controlled by the Knight of Swords and Lumian before being subjected to
truth serum. During subsequent questioning, he displayed no indications
of ties to April Fool's. He didn't even betray any signs of stifling
laughter when discussing marrying the sea!

However, what if Lato Guiaro, who willingly transmitted Nolfi's
information, had prepped in advance to elude the adventurer's detection
and had cloaked a portion of his memories through Hypnosis?

The truth serum fundamentally heightened the inclination to share with
others. Anything beyond the user's knowledge or comprehension remained
veiled.

The pressing question now was: where did Lato Guiaro acquire Beyonders
or items with similar capabilities through April Fool's channels?

Franca, increasingly convinced that Lato Guiaro was Ultraman, recalled a
crucial detail: the current Governor of the Sea, Simon, belonged to the
Guiaro family!

Previously, Juan Oro had heeded her advice to conduct a blood test on
everyone, excluding Lumian, who boarded the ship. The aim was to confirm
familial ties and unveil any outsiders attempting to infiltrate in
disguise.

*What if Simon Guiaro was Lato Guiaro in disguise?*

*This method would only affirm his identity!*

___

On the betrothal ship, now resting on the seabed as if weighed down by a
colossal boulder,

Simon Guiaro, positioned at the bow, appeared bewildered, his face a
mixture of panic and confusion.

Yet, a faint curl formed at the corners of his mouth.

At that moment, the Governor of the Sea handover ritual from the
previous night flashed in his mind.

Clad in a pristine blue suit, Simon Guiaro entered the hall, noting his
predecessor, Governor of the Sea Miguel, clad in a retro white robe,
observing him. Following the predetermined procedure, he uttered the
prearranged words.

"I'll leave the sea to you."

"It's my honor," Simon Guiaro responded solemnly as he advanced toward
the other party.

Miguel extended his right hand, and Simon Guiaro reached out for a
handshake. This gesture symbolized the departure of the former Governor
of the Sea and the commencement of Simon Guiaro's role as the present
Governor of the Sea.

After the handshake, they passed each other by. As they turned their
gazes in opposite directions, the corners of their lips subtly curled
upwards.

Under the scrutiny of the numerous statues surrounding them, one
advanced while the other exited the hall.