---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2056
index: 580
section: vol4
slug: 580
title: Theft
---

## Chapter 580: Theft

Bard pivoted on his heels, fixing his eyes on the door.

A moment lingered in silence, but no one rapped against the wooden
barrier. The once-present soft footsteps in the corridor had now faded
into nothingness.

As a seasoned Beyonder, Bard dismissed the notion of hallucination.
Returning to the servant's bed, he grabbed the backpack containing the
spoils of the year, feigning an escape from the Governor of the Sea's
residence before confirming the outcome of the sea prayer ritual.

Such precautions were only sensible. Not everyone placed full trust in
Juan Oro's promises.

Bard slung the backpack over his shoulder and slyly opened the window,
aiming to slip into the weeds below.

Suddenly, a figure, standing over a meter tall, emerged from the shadows
in the corner. Its disproportionately large head and wrinkled face
identified it as one of the Little Devils from the sea spawn.

The Little Devil gestured for Bard to close the glass window.

*Just a bunch of creatures with low IQs*, Bard thought, mocking
them inwardly. *Despite generations, they have yet to master Highlander
and can only barely communicate like dogs...*

Maintaining a timid expression, Bard closed the window.

Having tested the waters, he had a rough idea of where the sea spawn
responsible for monitoring him were hiding.

None of them appeared to have any connection to the soft footsteps
echoing in the corridor, nor did they seem aware of them.

___

On the betrothal boat, Mad Lady, draped in a blood-colored dress with a
portion of her face showing pure flesh and blood, instantly vanished
upon spotting Mr. K and Lumian. She swiftly changed her position.

Simultaneously, a figure materialized behind and to her side---Lumian
and Mr. K.

Employing their teleportation abilities, they blocked Mad Lady.

After Mad Lady shifted to the opposite side of the deck, the corners of
her mouth, made of pure flesh and blood, curled up. Her grayish-green
eyes gleamed with anticipation and excitement.

*Come and attack me. Chase me. This way, no one will use the item that
honored the ancestors to steal the deep power about to erupt. Let's see
who reacts the fastest and 'teleports' out of these waters when the time
comes!*

For those unable to escape in time, they would undoubtedly be torn to
pieces by the violent power, much like the fate that befell others on
the ship!

As these thoughts raced through her mind, Mad Lady swiftly turned
transparent, evading Lumian's crimson near-white fireballs and Mr. K's
light-green wind blades.

Amidst the rumbling explosion, Ultraman Lato Guiaro was equally
infuriated by Mad Lady's actions. If he were still the temporary and
complete Governor of the Sea, he wouldn't fear the impact of the potent
power in the spaceship. He hadn't intended to release Mad Lady and use
Bard's silver ring.

However, the situation had changed. Juan Oro, burning his life and
sacrificing flesh and blood, had contested him for the authority of the
Governor of the Sea.

In this state, Ultraman couldn't be certain if he was fully protected or
if he would suffer some level of damage. Furthermore, not being a true
demigod, he wasn't sure if he could withstand such a blow, one that left
him only injured.

He couldn't help but urge Mad Lady with his eyes, but his companion was
'teleporting' and didn't have time to meet his gaze. The humanoid Sealed
Artifact remained immersed in distant chanting in the darkness,
oblivious to the impending sea's fury.

In the blink of an eye, corporeal starlight surged from the silver-gray
behemoth at the bottom of the sea. It followed the condensed energy
passageway and struck the betrothal ship with a tsunami-like sound,
aiming to devour everything around it.

"Here it comes!" Mad Lady eagerly prepared for her extreme escape.

Confronted with the immense wave of starlight, Lumian's initial reaction
was, *Why is there another sea's fury?*

Relying on his combat instincts, he immediately extended his
spirituality to the Lie earring on his left ear, activating the
high-level stealing power attached to the mystical item.

The starlight in his eyes took on a more tangible form, as if it had
materialized.

Lumian's raised left hand subtly twisted his wrist.

The starlight surging from the silver-gray behemoth changed its course,
rushing towards Lumian in waves, engulfing the sky and the sea.

This was even more terrifying than the previous sea's rage. At that
moment, Lumian felt as if an apocalypse had descended.

He knew very well that he couldn't absorb all the stolen power himself.
Doing so would render him unable to endure, crushed into rotten meat on
the spot, indirectly aiding Termiboros in escaping His predicament.
Fortunately, the stolen power linked to "honoring the ancestors" had the
ability to disperse the boon obtained and share it with everyone present
and all those with the sea bloodlines in Port Santa, similar to every
successful sea prayer ritual.

Though a bit greedy and reluctant, Lumian restrained himself. Without
hesitation, he opened his left hand, seemingly grasping something, and
twisted his wrist in the opposite direction.

Suddenly, the starlight that had darkened the sky and sea seemed to
explode from within, scattering radiant starlight in every direction.

"The stars are raining..." Franca, concealed in the cabin on the
sailboat, lamented.

She tightly clutched the Major Arcana card belonging to Judgment in her
hand.

This wasn't a plea for Madam Judgment to descend directly. After all,
this wasn't within her jurisdiction. It was to signal the location for
the Major Arcana card holders who had already gathered nearby.

The beams of starlight left dazzling trails as they penetrated the
bodies of those nearby and soared towards the bloodline connections
farther away.

Lumian couldn't control this process, so he could only sense a portion
of the starlight landing on him, causing his left chest to burn and
corrode his flesh. Simultaneously, he witnessed a significant amount of
starlight being drawn towards the potent sea bloodline and the authority
of the Governor of the Sea, surging towards Ultraman and Juan Oro.

Undoubtedly, the humanoid Sealed Artifact received the most boons.

Like the eye of a vortex, she incessantly absorbed the surrounding
starlight. Even the starlight heading towards Hela's sailboat diminished
noticeably.

Ultraman experienced a replenishment, breaking free from his weakened
state after Juan Oro's two beams, swiftly reclaiming the authority of
the Governor of the Sea.

In his moment of elation, Ultraman Lato Guiaro felt intense surprise and
confusion.

*Why can Lumian Lee also steal the spacecraft's power?*

*That requires a high-level stealing ability...*

*Hasn't Bard's ring already been placed on the altar to honor the
ancestors? And we've confirmed its corresponding effects.*

*Isn't the enchantment only possible once a year?*

Amidst the echoing shock, Lato Guiaro couldn't be bothered to ponder the
answer. His instinctive reaction was to swiftly crush Juan Oro.
Otherwise, who knew what he, now strengthened, would do!

At that moment, Juan Oro felt a surge of regained strength. He observed
his cracked chest and hazy flesh, now covered in starlight scales, with
blood flowing out dyed in a resplendent "color."

Gazing at Lato Guiaro, he suddenly smiled---a smile of relief, yearning,
and evident anger.

His body underwent a rapid transformation, eyes turning vertical, scales
growing, and limbs thickening. In the span of a breath, he morphed into
a humanoid lizard.

During this process, Lato Guiaro condensed a dark-green light that
descended on Juan Oro in a series of rays.

Juan Oro made no attempt to dodge; he endured it.

His aura rapidly weakened, precisely as he desired.

His lizard-like form faded, growing increasingly translucent, as if
condensed from starlight.

Then, Juan Oro merged into the void representing the sea and spoke to
Lato Guiaro with a complex expression, "I've returned to the sea. Come
quickly too..."

At the last few words, Juan Oro gnashed his teeth, not concealing his
deep-seated hatred.

Every Child of the Sea was prepared to return to the sea, and Juan Oro
was no exception. However, he hadn't anticipated doing so in this
manner.

His sole desire now was for Lato Guiaro to join him!

Juan Oro's figure dissipated, becoming entirely a part of the "sea."

Ultraman Lato Guiaro immediately sensed a growing animosity between his
title as Governor of the Sea and the waters. The harmony that once
existed had given way to a resistance emanating from the Power of the
Sea.

This indicated that the Governor of the Sea authority he had acquired
wouldn't be complete for some time.

*Damned old fellow!* Lato Guiaro cursed inwardly, but he
remained composed.

He had realized that Hela was the sole demigod on the sailboat. The
humanoid Sealed Artifact, having received a boon from the sea and
escaped the influence of the chanting, was sufficient to hold off the
opposition for a while.

Though uncertain why Gandalf and the others hadn't arrived, Ultraman
Lato Guiaro welcomed this turn of events.

It allowed him to focus on dealing with Lumian Lee and his ally!

Despite being an incomplete Governor of the Sea, he possessed enough
strength to control adversaries below the demigod level briefly and gain
entry to the spaceship first. Moreover, Mad Lady's assistance added to
his advantage.

Having received the sea's boon, Lumian contemplated his newfound
capabilities.

*Now, I seem qualified to contend for the authority of the Governor of
the Sea...*

*Although I can't be considered to possess the sea bloodline and only
wield some power of the sea lasting a week, far inferior to Ultraman, my
fake level is high enough. I'm at the Angel level!*

Just as Ultraman Lato Guiaro and Lumian responded swiftly, the gray sky
suddenly brightened.

Thick bluish-green vines descended, shrouding the two ships and the
surrounding area in torrential rain. Soon, they intertwined into a
giant-like forest growing above the sea.