---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2057
index: 581
section: vol4
slug: 581
title: Gap
---

## Chapter 581: Gap

Upon witnessing the descent of the thick bluish-green vines, Lumian
marveled as if a real carriage could traverse their expanse. It felt
like a journey back to a scene from a few years ago when he would listen
to his sister's nighttime fairy tales.

The dazzling, dreamlike scene and boundless imagination seemed to
materialize in reality at that very moment.

Ultraman Lato Guiaro sensed imminent danger.

The individual capable of such an effect couldn't be a Low- or
Mid-Sequence Beyonder; they had to be a Saint who had unlocked the door
to godhood. Perhaps even beyond Sequence 4!

Another formidable demigod had entered the scene!

*Who could it be? Where had they emerged from?*

This certainly wasn't Gandalf. While others might be unaware, Loki had
thoroughly investigated the president of the Curly-Haired Baboons
Research Society, discovering he was a Beyonder of the Warrior
pathway---a Warrior who had a penchant for research and mysticism.

In the blink of an eye, Lato Guiaro spotted a black shadow racing down
the thick green vines. It was an enormous pumpkin drawn by numerous gray
mice.

A hole atop the orange pumpkin resembled a coach. Within, a vaguely
discernible woman sat, adorned in a purple robe, with crystalline heels
adorning her feet.

*A pumpkin coach, mice-drawn carriage, crystal heels---WHAT THE FUCK IS
THAT!? Who could it be?* Lato Guiaro's pupils dilated, and he
couldn't help but inwardly curse with the same words he used most
frequently before transmigration.

*Isn't that Cinderella?*

*Did Roselle actually pen this fairy tale? Why hadn't it gained
traction, remaining unknown to most?*

For a fleeting moment, Lato Guiaro grappled with uncertainty, unable to
discern whether the newcomer was a demigod aligned with another faction
or a concealed powerhouse within the Curly-Haired Baboons Research
Society.

Regaining his composure, he cursed his ill fortune and prepared himself
for a confrontation with the enigmatic demigod.

Luckily, being the Governor of the Sea, he could at least temporarily
impede the other party in these aquatic surroundings.

Prior to the impending clash, Ultraman Lato Guiaro turned his gaze
towards Mad Lady.

He didn't have time to speak, but his eyes expressed the unspoken
message: "Hurry up! No time for games!"

Mad Lady swiftly grasped Ultraman's urgency and, with a blink,
positioned herself at the entrance of the energy passageway. However,
instead of materializing precisely there, she outlined her presence.

This decision was prompted by the sudden appearance of Mr. K and Lumian,
seemingly having teleported nearby, with their sights set on the energy
passageway's entrance.

*Splash!*

Whether from the imposing weight of the humanoid Sealed Artifact or Lato
Guiaro raising his right arm, conjuring a mountainous azure wave, the
water around the cave visibly swayed, teetering on the brink of
collapse.

In that critical moment, "Cinderella," seated in the pumpkin carriage,
pushed open the door and rose to her feet.

She extended her arms, and a massive iron-black cross materialized
behind her.

The weight of the cross proved challenging for "Cinderella" to bear, as
though it carried the concentrated sins of the entire world.

*A cross?* Ultraman Lato Guiaro was caught off guard as an empty
room materialized before him.

Within the room, candlelight flickered, revealing a long table adorned
with flesh and blood.

On either side of the table, three obscure figures hunched over, gnawing
and feasting on a gruesome banquet.

Abruptly, the three figures turned their heads, fixing their gaze upon
Lato Guiaro.

He stood frozen, as if their gazes had penetrated his deepest secrets,
dismantling them into the essential components of spirit and flesh.

A chilling sensation surged from the depths of Lato Guiaro's heart,
immediately alerting him to an intense and terrifying malice.

However, the source of this malevolence wasn't the newly arrived demigod
but the silver-gray behemoth trapped at the sea's bottom---the very
spaceship Lato Guiaro sought to obtain harbored ill intentions towards
him!

In the blink of an eye, the silver-gray behemoth retracted its
authority.

Lato Guiaro's status as the Governor of the Sea plummeted. Despite
gaining a new boon, he couldn't ascend to the demigod level.

The spaceship had betrayed him.

This treachery was a result of the spell Cinderella had just
unleashed---the Feast of Betrayal. Its purpose was to temporarily awaken
or bestow intelligence on a target item, compelling it to commit an act
of "betrayal."

Lato Guiaro had seamlessly melded with the surrounding waters,
harnessing the authority of the Governor of the Sea on a temporary
basis. The spaceship now stood as an entity he had yet to fully master.

Objects beyond his full control were prime candidates for betrayal!

"Cinderella" astutely sensed this vulnerability, initiating the Feast of
Betrayal from the outset.

Simultaneously, the sealed environment provided the perfect conditions
for her to unleash this magic---an act she might not dare attempt
elsewhere.

In that moment, surprise and fear flooded Lato Guiaro. It felt as though
a frigid cascade had drenched him, sending shivers through his entire
being.

Since merging with the sea and gaining the Governor of the Sea's
authority, Lato Guiaro had believed that ordinary Sequence 4 or even
Sequence 3 demigods---commonly referred to as Saints---couldn't swiftly
overpower him in this realm.

This belief created a sense of parity, but it hinged on him remaining
within the waters to fully unleash his strength.

Yet, "Cinderella's" mere magic stripped him of the Governor of the Sea's
authority, relegating him to Sequence 5. Without godhood, mastery over
the sea slipped from his grasp.

Despite being a dual Sequence 5 of a potion and boon system with
numerous unique abilities, Lato Guiaro harbored doubts about facing a
genuine demigod.

*A demigod temporarily shaped from an item proves fragile in the face of
a true demigod. So brittle that, once targeted, they wouldn't endure
even a breath...* Lato Guiaro grappled with the stark
realization of the fragility of a true demigod and sank into deep regret
and despair.

At that moment, the silver-gray behemoth trembled violently, causing the
energy passageway at the entrance to flicker and cast its luminance upon
Lato Guiaro.

With a whoosh, Lato Guiaro found himself hurtling uncontrollably into
the spaceship through the pure energy conduit.

This was a facet of the spaceship's calculated "betrayal," aiming to
turn the recent "authority holder" into a mere nutritive substrate
within a petri dish!

Lato Guiaro was initially startled, but soon a wave of joy washed over
him.

An opportunity had presented itself!

It allowed him to infiltrate the spaceship, wrest control, and set it in
motion---a chance to escape!

His misfortune and despair had suddenly transformed into this golden
opportunity!

Observing the unfolding scene, Lumian wasted no time. He employed Spirit
World Traversal once more, reaching the entrance of the energy
passageway. Stepping in, he soared into the silver-gray behemoth.

Mad Lady trailed closely behind, and Mr. K didn't intervene; instead, he
followed suit.

___

Milo Village, Governor of the Sea's residence.

Bard, strategizing an escape plan, was abruptly interrupted by cheers.

*Cheers...* Bard's heart stirred, prompting him to dash out of
the servant's room towards the nearest glass window overlooking the
dock. There, he observed the gathered villagers.

Not a single sea spawn hindered the former Governor of the Sea during
this process.

Many villagers raised their hands, seemingly welcoming the waves. As
they praised the sea, an almost invisible glow descended, dispersing
like water to different individuals.

The nearby children joyfully shouted, "The sea prayer ritual has
succeeded! The sea prayer ritual has succeeded!"

*That's right, it has "succeeded"...* Bard smiled.

From the looks of it, Ultraman and Mad Lady have succeeded.

The April Fool's key member adjusted the collar of his crisp white shirt
and hoisted a brown backpack onto his shoulders. With an unabashed
smile, he strolled into the grand hall of the Governor of the Sea's
residence, smoothly making his way out.

This time, he encountered no resistance. The guards stationed at the
entrance knelt on the ground, expressing gratitude to the sea for its
boon.

Bard took a detour to the docks, reveling in the genuine joy and praise
for the sea. Every time he heard the townsfolk praising the sea and
witnessed genuine smiles, his spirits lifted.

*These fools!*

*They are treating a catastrophe as a cause for celebration!*

*This is a prank, a prank on everyone in Port Santa...* Bard
closed his eyes in satisfaction and weaved through the crowd, heading
deeper into Milo Village. His ultimate destination: the peaks of the
Pyraez mountain range.

As a former Swindler, Bard orchestrated the sea prayer ritual operation,
serving as its main planner. The plan's success naturally brought him
satisfaction.

Crucially, despite taking the most pivotal step in the entire operation,
he assumed the least risk and exposure, avoiding direct confrontations.

Navigating through the mix of ancient and modern structures in Milo
Village, Bard's brow furrowed slightly.

A sense of unease settled upon him.

Per the initial plan, Ultraman---unhindered by strong opposition---was
supposed to use the second command to open the energy passageway.
Relying on his temporary authority as the Governor of the Sea, he aimed
to secure safety for himself and Mad Lady within him. Seizing the
opportunity, he planned to eliminate all present and inflict severe
injuries on potential demigod adversaries.

If powerhouses like Hela emerged and proved resistant to the humanoid
Sealed Artifact, Ultraman---the interim Governor of the Sea---would leap
into action, confronting the formidable foes head-on. Mad Lady, wielding
her enchanted ring, would harness the potent energy emanating from the
spaceship, transforming it into a boon for everyone present, extending
its reach to all the Children of the Sea in Port Santa's vicinity. This
strategic move not only allowed them to sidestep danger but also granted
them access to the spaceship, enabling them to activate it.

Despite the fact that the people had already received the sea's boon and
a few minutes had elapsed, the spaceship remained dormant, and the sky
showed no signs of change.

*What had transpired during this interval?*

With this lingering question, Bard hastened his steps.

*Tap, tap, tap.*

Behind him, the faint sound of light footsteps echoed once again.