---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2062
index: 586
section: vol4
slug: 586
title: Gnawing
---

## Chapter 586: Gnawing

Ultraman Lato Guiaro, his life rapidly slipping away, fell into a daze.
Even his thoughts of self-preservation became blurred.

In the haze, he vaguely saw Juan Oro, the wrinkled old man, standing in
the middle of the sea, waving with a mix of joy and mockery.

At that moment, Lumian's voice resonated from the horizon, faint,
ethereal, and elusive.

"Did you go to Cordu Village to confirm the situation?"

*Cordu Village? The time Mad Lady and I visited Nolfi, and went there
just out of convenience?* Lato Guiaro lost focus, and Lumian's
figure reflected in his closed eye.

With the intent to annoy, he spoke his last words in Highlander.

"I've been there... with Mad Lady. It was... simply for fun... but
Loki... seemed to... have ulterior..."

*Don't you want to know what happened back then? Sure, I'll speak in
Highlander. It's your problem if you don't understand. Your fault for
not taking this language seriously in the past!*

Lato Guiaro knew his actions wouldn't practically affect Lumian Lee.
This was because Lumian Lee could find someone to perform dream
divination, hypnosis, or undergo a real dream when he returned. From
there, he could memorize the Highlander he spoke and find a way to
translate it into Intisian or ancient Feysac.

Still, he just wanted to annoy the other party. About to die, he
couldn't care less about future developments.

"Motives..." Lato Guiaro uttered his last word as his life extinguished.

In that final moment, he seemed to hear Lumian Lee speaking to him in
Highlander, "Thank you."

The "thank you" flowed naturally, carrying a strong sense of mockery.

Ultraman Lato Guiaro's intact eye bulged even more, his expression
freezing on his face, his breath coming to a complete halt.

Lumian's right hand gripped the Symphony of Hatred once more.
Simultaneously, he released his left hand, watching Ultraman's key
member's head rapidly detach from the black bone flute with red holes,
revealing a sinister and deep blood-red hole.

*Thud!*

Ultraman collapsed to the ground. The sticky blood on the black bone
flute coalesced and dripped onto his body.

After the person who had backstabbed it suffered a fatal wound, Pride
Armor stopped moving and stood nearby, resembling an ordinary
silver-white full-body armor without any special characteristics.

*Loki had ulterior motives? A motive other than helping the Sinners and
pulling a prank?* As Lumian recalled Ultraman's confession
before his death, he bent down to check what items this April Fool's key
member had.

Of course, he didn't hold much hope. Ultraman Lato Guiaro had disguised
himself as the incoming Governor of the Sea, Simon Guiaro, to board the
betrothal ship. Carrying no items, his belongings should have been
handed over to Mad Lady, allowing her to conceal them using flesh and
blood magic in his stomach. However, Mad Lady clearly didn't have the
time or opportunity to return the items to Ultraman.

This was one of the reasons why Lumian could eliminate Ultraman, a
powerful dual pathway Beyonder, in such a short period.

If Juan Oro hadn't tipped off the sea spawn on the bridal boat
beforehand, Lumian would've been forced to stash his Traveler's Bag
temporarily with Mr. K.

At that moment, Lumian observed a strange transformation in the corpse
of Ultraman Lato Guiaro.

It swiftly faded, morphing into a semi-translucent, semi-flesh state.
Then, like it was being disintegrated by countless tiny creatures, it
oozed into the silver metal floor and gradually vanished.

Soon, the remnants of flesh, starlight, and sun-like fragments left by
Lato Guiaro were absorbed by the silver metallic floor, leaving behind
only a Sea Governor ceremonial robe, shrouded in a faint grayish-white
fog.

In the blink of an eye, the grayish-white fog got absorbed by the silver
metallic floor and the mysterious structure.

Lumian attempted unsuccessfully to "reclaim" something.

*Is this what it means to return to the sea? But why did this peculiar
structure absorb the Priest of Light's Beyonder characteristic?*
Just as Lumian pondered, the sound of metal grinding surrounded him.

The pitch-black holes in the surrounding walls, ceiling, and floor once
again got concealed by rotating, protruding metal. No more cerulean-blue
poisonous gas spewed out, saving Lumian the energy to engulf his body in
a layer of crimson, almost white flames.

Amidst the clanking sounds, two metallic doors ascended, revealing two
tunnels leading to different destinations.

With the target of the betrayal now gone, the silver-gray behemoth
reverted to its "normal" state.

Lumian peered into the depths of the tunnel ahead, his heart
involuntarily racing.

*Badump! Badump!* He felt inexplicably nervous and uneasy.

___

In Port Santa, the apartment Loki was hiding.

The moment Ludwig declared, "I'm hungry," he swiftly bowed his head and
sank his teeth into Loki's hand, gripping the gemstone bracelet as if
devouring the marrow from a chicken wing.

An intense wave of pain surged through Loki's mind. His immediate
instinct was to deploy Paper Figurine Substitutes, a desperate attempt
to break free from the current situation.

Yet, he hesitated, fearing that such a move might create an
insurmountable distance between him and the sealed demigod, eliminating
any chance of regaining control.

Amidst the gruesome symphony of bones crunching and flesh tearing, Loki
snatched the falling gemstone bracelet with his free hand and forcibly
pried open his mouth.

*Bang!*

A rush of air slammed into Ludwig's head, akin to a bullet fired from
the latest steam rifle, ripping through flesh and hair to reveal a
ghastly white skull.

However, Ludwig remained unfazed. Gnawing on Loki's left hand, he had
already severed five fingers and devoured half of the palm.

*Bang! Bang! Bang!* Air Bullets relentlessly pounded the boy,
leaving him mangled and disfigured. Yet, Ludwig persisted in his
attentive nibbling on Loki.

*Crack, crack.*

He had already crunched down on the other party's wrist bone, a crisp
sound echoing through their intertwined flesh.

As Loki nearly blacked out from the pain, he roughly grasped what was
happening.

The sealed demigod possessed incredible vitality. Ordinary attacks and
Beyonder powers couldn't cause significant harm. In simpler terms, he
could put him to sleep or manipulate his Spirit Body Threads to knock
him out, but killing him with regular means proved challenging. It
couldn't even seriously injure him.

In such circumstances, even if the sealed demigod couldn't utilize any
abilities, lacking sufficient strength and speed, merely devouring the
other party's flesh and bones with all his might posed an abnormal
challenge for many Mid-Sequence Beyonders.

Loki abandoned the idea of retrieving other mystical items and
substituted himself with a paper figurine.

*Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!* Ludwig, his head covered in signs of
Air Bullet destruction and almost devoid of human form, raised his head.
Beside his bloodstained mouth was a piece of white paper that quickly
swept into his mouth alongside the blood-colored flesh.

Ludwig's eyes reflected Loki's outline in the corner of the room.
Something beneath his torn skin and flesh seemed to squirm slowly,
attempting to break free, but to no avail.

Loki assessed the situation and the items on him. With the Soul Assurer
marionette unable to return in time, he sensibly chose not to confront
the sealed demigod creature. He would flee first before considering the
future.

At that moment, a crimson moonlight streamed through the window.

The moonlight bathed the apartment, wrapping around Loki.

Loki heard a fleeting voice.

"A strong smell of blood..."

As the moonlight faded, a grayish-white and pitch-black paper figurine
appeared on the ground.

Loki's figure materialized a few hundred meters away, outside a vine
forest.

It was a boon bestowed by the Celestial Worthy during a prayer some
weeks before this operation. It had been attached to a pre-prepared
paper figurine, forming such a potent substitute that bordered on
godhood.

*Drip, drip.* Blood still dripped from Loki's bitten left wrist.

He activated the diamond on the bracelet and swiftly faded away,
preparing to teleport.

___

Port Santa, Milo Village.

*Tap, tap, tap.*

The soft patter of footsteps reverberated in Bard's ears, causing him to
tense.

Bard surveyed his surroundings, finding nothing amiss.

He sprinted, weaving through several buildings, yet the rhythmic tapping
of footsteps persisted behind him.

Attempting to force open a door and seek refuge in a villager's house in
Milo Village,

Bard was met with an unexpected sight. Instead of the familiar kitchen,
tables, chairs, and household items, his eyes beheld a decrepit stone
platform enveloped in darkness.

*The stone platform!* Bard's pupils widened, as if he had
entered an unreal illusion.

He found himself back at the residence of the Governor of the Sea and
the altar where Milo Village's inhabitants paid homage to their
ancestor.

Something crawled out from a crack in the worn stone platform.

A translucent worm, adorned with multiple rings, swiftly expanded,
transforming into a young man donned in the attire of a sea prayer
ritual's deputy host, monocle in place.

Seated on the weathered stone platform, the man grinned at Bard.

"Do you comprehend?"

Bard suddenly grasped the meaning behind the question. Swallowing hard,
he replied, "Understood."

Since the altar had an owner and Beyonder creatures residing there, the
so-called rule that it could only be enchanted once a year for the Ring
of the Sea Queen clearly didn't hold true!

The other party could affix the power as many times as desired!

The young man, clad in a dark-blue deputy host's sacrificial robe, toyed
with the monocle in his right eye and smirked.

"Over a millennium, I've molded the rule that the Steal ability can only
be conferred once a year. Little did I expect to deceive you all in the
end."