---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2063
index: 587
section: vol4
slug: 587
title: '"Deceived"'
---

## Chapter 587: "Deceived"

Upon hearing the young man's words, Bard felt his blood rush to his
head.

*Crafting a seemingly valid rule over a millennium to deceive
others?*

*What kind of lame antique Swindler is this?*

Bard blurted out, "The patterns on the altar and the surrounding
arrangements are also fake?"

The young man in the dark-blue deputy host robe chuckled.

"If it wasn't real, would you have been deceived?

"Furthermore, I occasionally venture out. When I do, it grants Steal
powers on my behalf. Of course, with the spirituality produced by the
surrounding worshippers, it can indeed only bestow once a year."

As the young man spoke, the smile on his face widened.

Bard's forehead throbbed as he listened, feeling like he had been
mocked.

According to the other party's claim that the Steal powers could be
bestowed at will, the Ring of the Sea Queen should have been complete
and equipped with all its functions. So, why did the success of the sea
prayer ritual experience such a significant delay?

Unable to comprehend the situation, Bard turned around and sprinted
towards the exit.

It wasn't that he hadn't considered begging for mercy and surrendering
on the spot, but these things could be done later. For now, he wanted to
take a gamble, betting that the other party's claim of occasionally
venturing out was a lie. In essence, he believed he was trapped in the
altar, unable to venture anywhere and influence the people around him.
If he allowed himself to be intimidated and didn't dare to escape, he
would fall into the other party's trap, cheated of his freedom and
future.

*Thud! Thud! Thud!* Bard reached the staircase in a few steps
and ran up.

The more he ran, the happier he became. The monocle-wearing young man
didn't stop him.

*I made the right bet!*

*He's the core of that altar. There's no way to leave!*

*Thud! Thud! Thud!* Bard witnessed the scene on the first floor
illuminated by sunlight.

Amidst his ecstasy, his thoughts suddenly shattered. He felt the
darkness around him being pierced by the light, shattering into pieces.

Bard bolted upright, alarmed to find himself lying in the servant's room
at the Governor of the Sea's residence. He hadn't left.

He surveyed his surroundings and heard cheers and crackers from outside.

*I just had a dream? Did it stem from a spirituality warning, helping me
discover a problem with the plan?* As Bard pondered these
thoughts, he immediately dismissed the corresponding judgment. No, how
could I have fallen asleep during the sea prayer ritual? Did I start
dreaming after hearing soft footsteps in my room?

Bard rolled to his feet, slung his backpack over his shoulders, and
tentatively pushed open the door, entering the corridor.

No longer smug with the plan that required minimal risks or combat, Bard
realized he couldn't share in the distribution of items. He couldn't
teleport away directly, nor could he return to his original appearance
or disguise himself as someone else.

Upon reaching the corridor, Bard noticed the Little Devils leaving the
shadows and performing a strange celebratory dance.

He hadn't "communicated" with these sea spawn and knew their
intelligence was roughly equivalent to that of ordinary dogs. They could
be tamed and controlled, but direct communication was beyond them.
However, the amazing thing was that Little Devils had the ability to
record and recreate human words, even if they weren't sure of their
meanings. Moreover, they could receive signals from their collaborators
within a 100-meter radius.

The Little Devils ignored Bard as well. The sea prayer ritual had
succeeded. According to their prior agreement, the fake Governor of the
Sea could leave on his own.

Bard left the Governor of the Sea's residence and realized that the
guards at the entrance weren't kneeling to thank the boon like before.
The villagers of Milo Village at the docks were the same. Apart from a
few who sincerely shouted that the sea prayer ritual had succeeded, the
rest merely echoed what was happening and expressed their joy, with many
preferring to release crackers.

*Indeed, it was a dream. The villagers' reactions in the dream were too
exaggerated... I should know that based on past experiences with sea
prayer rituals, only the committee members of the Fisheries Guild and a
few people with strong sea bloodlines can sense the arrival of the sea's
boon. Others with sea bloodlines wouldn't have a tangible sense. They'd
slowly realize they've become stronger, or the changes are too weak to
detect. Otherwise, the failure of the sea prayer ritual last year
wouldn't have escaped the notice of Port Santa's citizens and would have
only circulated within the core circle.* Bard used the
environment to quickly confirm the essence of his previous encounter.

He didn't dare relax, nor did he "again" head to the docks to admire the
villagers being fooled. Instead, he turned to the road leading to Port
Santa's city district.

Just as he stepped out of the ancient village, Bard spotted a figure
ahead.

The man stood over 2.4 meters tall, clad in a simple linen robe and a
hood, holding a thick staff.

"Gandalf..." Bard's heart tightened as he shouted.

With the dream just now, he thought he had been exposed, so he didn't
pull off any act.

Gandalf, the president of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, was
taken aback and let out a deep chuckle.

"You're really fake."

*H-he's not sure of my identity?* Bard was taken aback, wishing
he could slap himself.

___

Inside the underwater spaceship, in a metallic room reminiscent of a
beehive.

Having failed to capture Mad Lady twice in a row, Mr. K's body underwent
a sudden transformation, expanding to nearly three meters in height.

Fortunately, he wasn't adorned in actual clothes. The blood-colored
cloak draped over him had morphed from his flesh and blood. Otherwise,
even the loose robe would have succumbed to the drastic change.

Concurrently, Mr. K's skin darkened, assuming the appearance of thick
and formidable armor. Crooked goat horns adorned with sinister patterns
sprouted from his head, and a pair of bat-like wings, encircled in
crimson and blue flames, emerged from his back.

A pungent smell of sulfur hung in the air.

Being a Sequence 5 Shepherd of the Secrets Suppliant pathway, Mr. K
possessed the core ability of Grazing. This allowed him to fuse other
people's souls with Beyonder characteristics or boon powers and utilize
them uniquely. It was akin to grazing lambs for a deity.

Each Shepherd could graze up to seven souls, controlling only one at a
time. In this state, Shepherds could employ their Beyonder abilities and
three abilities corresponding to the souls. These were chosen during
Grazing and remained fixed thereafter.

The most formidable aspect of Shepherds was their ability to Graze
demigod-level spirits, enabling them to contend with Saints for a
limited duration.

Presently, Mr. K was using a Grazed Devil. He had selected Devil
Transformation, Sulphur Fireball, and Sword of Lava in the past.

Mr. K deliberately chose to forgo Devil's most distinctive Danger
Premonition because he believed it to be effective only when commanding
the Devil's spirit. Under normal circumstances, he couldn't activate
Grazing continuously. In any case, if grave danger loomed, a divine
revelation would be provided by God. Failure to receive such guidance
indicated wrongdoing, warranting divine punishment.

As the expansive bat wings on Mr. K's back unfolded, light-blue
fireballs condensed, numbering almost twenty.

They indiscriminately bombarded every corner of the metallic beehive,
creating an all-encompassing barrage to counter Mad Lady's elusive
"flashes" throughout the space.

*Rumble!*

The explosion, a mix of fire and poison, wreaked havoc on the metallic
hive, tearing apart the incubating Batings Black Insect, Little Devils,
and other creatures.

Mad Lady abruptly halted as the Sulfur Fireball condensed.

Cloaked in a blood-colored dress, with grotesque flesh lumps on her
face, an illusory, slowly flipping book materialized in her eyes. Faint
recitations echoed around her.

Drawing a dagger, she genuflected and drove it into the metal floor of
the hive.

Dawn-like light ascended, forming an almost invisible wall around her.

*Rumble!*

The shockwaves from the Sulfur Fireball's explosion and the poisonous
pale-blue fireball relentlessly struck the invisible barrier, causing it
to sway, yet it stood resilient.

This was Protection of a Warrior Sequence 5.

Record, the core ability of a Sequence 6 Scribe of the Apprentice
pathway, allowed the "recording" of others' abilities for use, each
recording usable only once. Scribes could even record Beyonder powers
with godhood effects, but the success rate was minimal.

After the explosion's aftershocks subsided, Mr. K, donned in a
blood-colored cloak and resembling a colossal Devil, wielded a
broadsword composed of crimson lava and pale-blue flames. He surged
towards Mad Lady in two steps, slashing down.

The nearly invisible wall around Mad Lady couldn't withstand the
onslaught and finally shattered. As the illusory book in her eyes
flipped, a robust and sharp Sword of Dawn materialized in her hand.

Excitedly, she swung her two-handed light sword.

*Clang!*

Mr. K's strike sent Mad Lady, lacking a Warrior's physique and strength,
flying.

Though Mr. K hadn't anticipated her determination to engage in close
combat despite her limitations, the battle's tempo remained unaffected.
He advanced, wielding the lava broadsword once again.

*Poof!* The Mad Lady he struck suddenly thinned, transforming
into a paper figurine consumed by sulfurous flames.

Paper Figurine Substitutes!

Mad Lady reappeared beside a demolished metal hive, her illusory book
flipping once more.

She then stretched her arms, allowing a pure and magnificent blazing
pillar of light to descend from the sky and strike Mr. K, who had
attacked the paper effigy.

Priest of Light's Light of Holiness!