---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2065
index: 589
section: vol4
slug: 589
title: Object Within the Nest
---

## Chapter 589: Object Within the Nest

As Lumian's Astral Projection expanded with the power of the sea, he
immediately sensed the presence of the "waters."

This wasn't a genuine ocean but a fantastical sea created by radiant
starlight. At its core lay the projection of the silver-gray behemoth.

Empowered by an ample supply of the sea's power, Lumian's Astral
Projection surged forward, merging seamlessly with the phantom.

A burning sensation radiated from the left side of his chest, as if some
form of acknowledgment had been received.

His consciousness extended boundlessly, taking command of the dreamlike
illusory sea.

In the course of this process, he glimpsed the phantoms of Juan Oro,
Ultraman Lato Guiaro, and unfamiliar apparitions.

*Those who have returned to the sea? They seem to have transformed into
water droplets in the sea...* Lumian withdrew his gaze from the
joyful Juan Oro and the pained Lato Guiaro, redirecting it toward the
depths of the tunnel ahead. From a considerable distance, he spotted Mad
Lady.

The silver-gray behemoth harbored entities nurtured within the flesh and
blood "bird's nest." With the Batings Black Insect, Little Devils, and
other extraterrestrial life forms, it was inevitable that they coexisted
in the spirit world. However, this spirit world was entirely severed
from the external realm. Consequently, Beyonders skilled in summoning
creatures from the spirit world for assistance found themselves bereft
of their primary reliance. Teleportation executed through the spirit
world, however, retained some semblance of normalcy. Departing directly,
however, proved impossible. The only avenues were through the energy
passageway at the entrance or by breaching the outer wall to connect the
inner and outer spirit worlds.

Simultaneously, the closer one approached the flesh-and-blood "bird's
nest," the more peculiar the spirit world became. It was as though the
air gradually thickened, becoming almost tangible and impeding the
approach of "birds."

In such an environment, coupled with the absence of a flesh-and-blood
"bird's nest," Mad Lady found herself unable to teleport directly. Her
only recourse was to Blink incrementally, expending her spirituality
with each maneuver.

Having focused on Mad Lady and the space in front of her, Lumian
suddenly extended his right hand and clenched it into a fist.

The air surrounding Mad Lady immediately grew dense, as if assuming a
tangible form. This transformation caused the illusory curtain to bend,
compressing the corresponding area into a dark and transparent sphere.

Once more, Mad Lady's form disappeared, but a formless force, shaped by
the bending area, yanked her out and sent her plummeting.

Under the authority of the Governor of the Sea, the spirit world within
the sphere and the spirit world within the silver-gray behemoth were
forcibly separated!

However, this effect was contingent on the peculiar environment. In the
external world, given Lumian's current level and mastery of the power of
the sea, completely isolating an area from the expansive and genuine
spirit world proved challenging. He could merely employ Cosmic Void to
create an exit path and a door symbolizing an escape route, a tactic
vulnerable to counteraction by a Traveler's abilities.

Mad Lady attempted another Blink, yet found herself unable to escape the
dark sphere's confines.

She halted in place, seriously contemplating her Recorded abilities and
the items in her possession that might alleviate her current
predicament.

Observing her struggle, Lumian couldn't suppress his yearning for
demigod-level powers.

As the temporary authority-wielding Governor of the Sea---essentially a
faux demigod incapable of withstanding a single spell from the
"Cinderella" demigod---Lumian had ensnared Mad Lady in an inescapable
dilemma. She proved challenging even for Mr. K to subdue in a brief
timeframe.

Mad Lady gazed into the depths of the metal tunnel, representing the
flesh and blood "bird's nest," her face aglow with unrestrained
eagerness, anticipation, and excitement.

Confined within the dark sphere, she yearned for escape, dissatisfied
with her inability to reach the desired destination.

*Head over there, quick! Head over there, quick!*

*I want to go over!*

The longing in her heart intensified, nearly manifesting as a tangible
desire.

The desire surged into her chest, seeking to rupture the restraints and
liberate her from this predicament.

Mr. K, having switched to a Traveler's soul, swiftly caught up and saw
Mad Lady.

Instinctively, an illusory book materialized in his dark eyes.

Positioned in front of Mr. K, the book flipped through its pages while
chanting in a low voice, "I came, I saw, I recorded."

In an instant, Mr. K underwent a transformation, manifesting as a two to
three-meter-tall half-giant donned in cold black armor, brandishing a
dark, straight broadsword.

Having Grazed a Traveler, he had selected three Beyonder powers: Blink,
Record, and the Traveler's Door, encompassing teleportation or travel.
Additionally, with Record, he had acquired an ability capable of
influencing godhood from a Saint of the Aurora Order. While only half as
effective as the original, it proved sufficient to contend with Mad
Lady, who had yet to approach the threshold of godhood.

Mr. K advanced confidently, wielding the dark, straight broadsword,
prepared to strike.

At that moment, Mad Lady's chest was overwhelmed by an intense surge of
desire.

Then, she experienced a sharp, piercing pain.

She didn't need to lower her head. From the corner of her eye, she
witnessed the flesh on her chest tearing apart inch by inch, the white
bones snapping one by one. A grayish-white fog, mingled with fragments
of flesh, surged forth, coalescing into a humanoid figure resembling
her. In an instant, it leaped out of the dark "sphere" created by Lumian
and darted into the depths of the metal tunnel.

*Don't be in a hurry to leave!* Unfazed by the situation, Mad
Lady's face reflected excitement and a hint of regret.

*Pfft!*

Mr. K's dark broadsword cleaved through the dark sphere, diagonally
bisecting Mad Lady.

Wearing the ring imbued with flesh and blood magic, Mad Lady didn't
succumb immediately. Her two halves of flesh and blood writhed,
attempting to reunite, but all endeavors were obliterated by the
profound darkness left in the wake of the broadsword. The flesh and
blood failed to reestablish a connection.

*Come on, come on...* Mad Lady's relatively intact head sought
to aid her body, but she swiftly perceived the annihilation of her soul.

Her vision darkened, and her unevenly separated bodies crumpled to the
ground.

Unperturbed by the fate of the April Fool's key member, Mr. K and Lumian
redirected their focus to the grayish-white figure hurtling into the
depths of the metal tunnel.

Comprising half fog and half flesh, the figure existed in a realm
between reality and illusion.

The temporary Governor of the Sea, Lumian, once again honed in on the
target and its surroundings, intending to marshal every ounce of sea
power at his disposal.

At that moment, the grayish-white figure collapsed to the ground.

The flesh and blood originally belonging to Mad Lady seeped into the
metal floor, and the grayish-white fog was on the verge of being
absorbed.

Abruptly, the entire tunnel trembled. Lumian once again "saw" the
pear-shaped object fashioned from flesh and skin.

The flesh membrane on its surface buckled once more, outlining a
disc-shaped contour.

A formidable suction force erupted. Whether Lumian---the temporary
Governor of the Sea---or Mr. K, they found themselves irresistibly
propelled into the depths of the metal tunnel, as if an invisible hand
seized them and drew them toward the core of the silver-gray behemoth.

Mad Lady's dismembered corpse and her belongings soared into the air,
propelled towards the destination she had fervently yearned for in life.

The humanoid form outlined by the grayish-white fog seeped deeper into
the metal floor, absorbing a portion.

In that moment, Lumian, wielding the temporary authority of the Governor
of the Sea, employed his enhanced perception to "see" the
flesh-and-blood "bird's nest" deep within the metal tunnel more
distinctly than before.

The pear-shaped object's flesh and skin caved in, and the starlight and
dark matter emanating from the surrounding flesh ropes accelerated their
flow.

Through the taut skin and flesh, Lumian vaguely sensed the object
nurtured within the pear-shaped structure.

It resembled a pitch-black vortex capable of devouring all colors and
light. While not overly large, it featured a disc-shaped outer edge.

*Wh...* Lumian instinctively recalled scientific concepts and simplified
scenes his sister Aurore had once explained. He identified a term that
matched his observations: *A black hole!*

*Did the Abraham family's ancestor seal a black hole with Amon? A black
hole that has yet to fully form and is still nurtured within a mother's
body from a mystical standpoint?* Lumian found the idea absurd,
straddling the line between scientific and mystical.

Simultaneously, he sensed a connection between the "black hole"-like
object and another place. A profound, weighty, dense, and terrifying
aura loomed over the world.

With a buzzing sensation, Lumian teetered on the brink of losing
consciousness. Not only was his physical form being drawn towards the
flesh and blood "bird's nest," but even his thoughts, Spirit Body, and
destiny converged in that direction.

It was the same for Mr. K.

One after another, Mad Lady's fragmented remains and a few belongings
floated between them.

Beyond the silver-gray behemoth, Franca and the others felt an ominous
suction emanating from the seabed. It seemed as though a colossal vortex
was forming, ready to engulf everything in its vicinity.

*Splash!*

The mountainous azure waves and jade-green seawater collapsed, filling
the seabed.

Abruptly, resplendent starlight descended from the sky.

Madam Magician materialized, adorned in a deep-black Warlock robe
embroidered with shimmering silver stars.

The wielder of a Major Arcana card extended her right hand toward the
silver-gray behemoth at the seabed. Her figure appeared in a state of
overlap, intermittently clear and blurry.

Each radiant starlight transformed into an illusory door, seamlessly
"melding" with the suction force, merging into the silver-gray behemoth.
