---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2071
index: 595
section: vol4
slug: 595
title: Spoils of War
---

## Chapter 595: Spoils of War

Lumian wasted no time with pleasantries and accepted Gandalf's
invitation without hesitation.

Firstly, within the vast expanse of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research
Society were numerous pathways. Besides the relatively scarce Devils, he
gained access to a wealth of knowledge and various items. While these
might not surpass what he already possessed in strength, they held the
potential to unexpectedly shine in specific situations.

Secondly, this decision provided him with a pretext to continue assuming
the role of Aurore as a Muggle. It created the illusion that his sister
still existed somewhere in the world.

After the quartet concluded their discussion about the events in the
peculiar waters, Bard's lifeless body underwent a startling
transformation. Ephemeral lights coalesced in the corpse's right hand,
causing both flesh and bones to crumble simultaneously.

Eventually, the palm resembled that of a baby---small and pallid.

The pale hue swiftly shifted, adopting a darker shade reminiscent of the
ancient palace's surroundings.

It was a Dream Stealer Beyonder characteristic.

Lumian focused his attention and detected a faint grayish-white fog
within the shrunken palm.

He approached Bard's corpse, crouching down to search for additional
items.

With this task accomplished, Lumian retrieved the spoils obtained from
Mad Lady and Loki from his Traveler's Bag, placing them on the decrepit
stone slabs of the ancient palace.

These included: a transparent, almost ethereal crystal, a bracelet with
three diamonds flanked by four different-colored gems, a rose-gold ring
adorned with crimson, blood-like gems, a simple silver ring, a dark-gold
mask capable of concealing the entire face, a featureless small doll
bound with white cloth, an intricate but exquisite mechanical music box,
and a grayish-white brooch with a metallic gleam resembling lightning.

Accompanied by a relatively thin blank painting album and the Dream
Stealer Beyonder characteristic, the total count reached ten items.

Lumian then looked up and addressed Hela and Gandalf, "You can
choose---one each."

"It's our duty," Gandalf asserted, signifying the Curly-Haired Baboons
Research Society's commitment to rectify past errors.

Speaking in Aurore's tone, Lumian, shrouded in his hood, remarked,

"Duty doesn't preclude the choice of spoils. Just because official
Beyonders must protect citizens doesn't mean they can't receive
rewards."

Gandalf pondered for a moment before turning to Hela. Seeing her lack of
objection, he sighed and conceded, "Fine."

Lumian's lips formed a smile as he pointed to each item, providing a
concise introduction.

"The illusory transparent stone is a Traveler Beyonder characteristic
left behind by Mad Lady, but it's severely corrupted. The thin gray fog
emanating from it serves as evidence of this.

"The Dream Stealer Beyonder characteristic is similarly corrupted by
that Celestial Worthy, but the severity is not extreme. It's slightly
less severe than the remains of most heretics after their deaths.

"That bracelet comes from Loki, known as the Seven-Stone Bracelet. Each
diamond corresponds to a teleportation, and each colored gem corresponds
to a ten-second Blink. Once used, it's gone. The drawback is that you
hear random sounds when you wear it---ranging from a man having an
affair to sounds from an unknown creature.

"This golden ring, named Blood Gold, bears an engraved inner loop with a
brief sentence---'Controlling flesh and blood means controlling
everything.' Its function enables the wearer to control their flesh and
blood like a Rose Bishop. Additionally, they can employ three flesh and
blood magics---Flesh Bomb, Flesh Cloak, and Flesh Blood Fusion. The
drawback is repeated use may lead to dependence. Ceasing to wear it
results in the body collapsing into a pile of flesh and blood, unable to
maintain human form. Continual wear may lead to madness and loss of
control.

"That silver ring is a semi-finished Ring of the Sea Queen, possessing a
high-level Steal ability usable only once. The drawback is that an
ancient Angel will take notice of you.

"The dark-gold mask, a possession of Loki, survived his
self-destruction. Its exact function remains unknown. Sensing it, one
might feel an intense desire to wear it, believing it would grant
abnormal power. Let's call it the Demon Mask.

"This featureless white cloth doll, a creation of Mad Lady, corresponds
to the Faceless of the Seer pathway. When affixed to your shoulder,
adjusting its facial features and figure is akin to altering your own
appearance. Simultaneously, it empowers the wearer to master the ability
to create Paper Figurine Substitutes. However, only the first paper
figurine proves effective. Beyond these functions, it allows the wearer
to employ flames for a dynamic leap and develop a certain premonition of
danger. Be warned, though---carrying it around brings weak bad luck.
Moreover, one day, you may realize that its face mirrors yours, and you
will cease to be yourself."

"This mechanical music box, discovered on Loki's corpse, is from an
unknown pathway or Sequence. It's rumored that the music it plays has
the potential to either kill or drive anyone who hears it into madness.
However, a prerequisite exists---you must hear the music for at least
ten seconds."

"I just found this blank painting album from Bard. Its precise effects
and drawbacks remain unknown, but based on my experience, the depictions
on its pages may come to life or exhibit special effects. Notably, only
nine pages remain, showing signs of tearing."

"This brooch, belonging to Mad Lady, appears crafted in anticipation of
the loss of the Governor of the Sea's authority and the sea's berserk
state. It grants the wearer fish scales, mitigating damage and enabling
underwater breathing and movement akin to a fish. Each strike carries
the effect of Electric Shock, with a near 100% probability of triggering
natural lightning strikes in thunderstorms. Aligned with Sequence 6 or 5
of the Sailor pathway, the negative consequence is a heightened
likelihood of being struck by lightning on rainy days, coupled with
increased irritability and anxiety after wearing it."

Lumian concluded the introduction of the spoils of war, his knowledge
derived from Madam Magician.

It was evident that for the success of the sea prayer ritual, April
Fool's had entrusted most of their mystical items to Mad Lady. Bard had
only left behind an ordinary-looking blank painting album. On the other
hand, Loki, the leader of April Fool's, had seemingly retained his items
privately. Whether it was his nature or a deliberate choice to retrieve
them for hunting Ludwig remained unknown.

Gandalf looked at Hela. "Take your pick first."

Hela approached Lumian, carefully inspecting the ten items

before singling out Mad Lady's Traveler Beyonder characteristic.

"It's severely corrupted. Whether you decide to keep it or have an
Artisan craft items, it's quite dangerous. Leave it to me."

In other words, she suggested that she had a method to handle it and
mitigate potential harm.

"Alright." Lumian didn't object.

He respected the wishes of each individual and allowed them to choose
whatever they wanted. Of course, the order of selection mattered too.
His team would be last, and he would be last.

Hela extended her right hand, and the night outside the ancient palace
seemed to stir.

The illusory crystal shrouded in grayish-white fog vanished.

After Hela returned to her spot, Gandalf made his selection.

Franca's heart skipped a beat as she observed the president scrutinizing
the remaining nine items. She whispered,

*Don't choose the Seven-Stone Bracelet, don't choose the Seven-Stone
Bracelet...*

That was the teleportation she had been longing for!

The Traveler Beyonder characteristic was too dangerous. She didn't dare
to set her sights on it. Although the Seven-Stone Bracelet was an
expendable item, its advantage lay in its many uses and its relatively
manageable negative effects.

Gandalf's intense gaze fixed on the dark-gold mask, his mutterings
barely audible,

"I've got a burning desire to delve into its powers and potential...

"But it's too risky. I'm itching to put it on now...

"Yes, the Blood Gold ring aids my experiments into dangerous matters.
The blank painting album requires further exploration...

"The high-level Steal ability is also worth studying... But being
noticed by an ancient Angel is no small matter..."

After thorough contemplation, Gandalf turned to Hela and spoke, "Can I
leave the silver ring here? I want to arrive half an hour early to study
it before every gathering."

"Alright," Hela agreed to Gandalf's request.

Thus, the president of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society opted
for the half-finished Ring of the Sea Queen.

Franca let out a sigh of relief and grinned at Gandalf.

"President, you really should've gone down the Reader pathway. You suit
their style perfectly."

*Why did he have to pick Warrior just to live up to the title of
Gandalf?*

Gandalf, the half-giant in a linen robe, glanced at Franca, smiling
without uttering a word.

Lumian stowed the remaining items back into his Traveler's Bag, not
affording Franca an opportunity to choose first.

___

At Port Santa, near Solow Motel, inside Loki's rented room.

Lumian received a response from Madam Magician:

"Even I can't decipher the intricate abilities of that dark-gold mask,
indicating its exceptional nature. Inquire with Mr. K if he desires it.
If not, leave it in my care for now. I'll seal it and await the
opportune moment. It might prove useful when the time comes.

"Ma'am Hermit has her eyes on the mechanical music box. Other items hold
little significance for her, but this one, at least, is exquisite.

"Mr. Moon expresses interest in the faceless doll; as for the reason, I
remain in the dark.

"I'll entrust you with distributing the rest."