---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2092
index: 616
section: vol4
slug: 616
title: '"Love"'
---

## Chapter 616: "Love"

For a moment, Flores found himself captivated by her presence. He
couldn't resist leaning in to compliment her straightforwardly, a habit
common among male Feynapotterians.

"Today is my lucky day to encounter such a beautiful lady. Could I be
luckier to buy you a drink?"

The woman's eyes flickered, and a smile graced her lips. She gently
shook her head, indicating that his offer wasn't accepted.

Undeterred, Flores wanted to say more, but he noticed the woman's
expression cooling off, prompting him to retreat to his seat.

In the following moments, he alternated between stealing glances at the
woman's figure, clad in a simple shirt and slender black pants, and
observing the rim of her glass, watching it touched by her moist red
lips.

Flores's body heated up, and his mouth grew dry. The more beer he drank,
the harder it became to quench his thirst.

Eventually, the woman finished her light-gold Manzan, placed the tall
glass on the bar counter, and gracefully left amid the soothing and
elegant music.

Flores hurriedly approached, pulling out a soft tissue that had gained
popularity in recent years. He wiped the edge of the wine glass, where
the woman's lips had just touched.

Then, he folded the tissue, meticulously scanning the surroundings of
the bar stool. He collected a few flaxen-colored long hairs, securing
them in the tissue.

Completing this task, Flores became aware of the bartender and the
nearly twenty male customers around him, all staring with a shared
judgmental gaze: "Pervert!"

Flores wasn't the sole victim of the woman's enchantment---it extended
to all the men and a few women in the bar. All of them had witnessed his
perverted actions.

Despite the accusatory stares, Flores kept his composure and left as if
nothing had transpired.

He vowed never to return to this bar again!

Yet, he harbored no regret for his actions.

On the way back to the apartment, Flores's heart pulsed with
anticipation, fueled by the promise of gains. His pace quickened, though
practicality dictated a more measured speed.

Upon reaching his residence, he drew the curtains and retrieved an old
notebook with a yellowed cover from his suitcase compartment.

Inside, a mottled note held a complex vocabulary that didn't belong to
any language from the Northern Continent, accompanied by numerous
instructions in Highlander.

Flores eagerly placed the tissue containing the woman's hair and saliva
on the notebook. He then took up the mottled note, reciting the
intricate and peculiar words with marked pronunciation.

"Naboredisley..."

This was the love incantation Flores had chanced upon.

With the true name, date of birth, closely related items, or bodily
fluids like flesh and blood, he could insert the medium in his notebook
and recite the incantation seven times, compelling the target to fall
irrevocably in love.

Flores had patiently waited for the opportune moment to orchestrate
Pedro's daughter, Salah, to fall and be injured. His timely aid had not
only garnered gratitude but also facilitated the collection of her
blood, fulfilling the conditions for the love incantation.

Reality had validated the enchanting power of the love incantation!

Flores refrained from using it again, uncertain of how to dispel its
effects. If pursued by multiple women before his marriage to Salah,
provoking a conflict among them could jeopardize his standing within the
large family and hinder access to resources and support.

However, today was different.

She was the most captivating woman he had ever encountered. He was ready
to pay any price to make her his own!

Uncertainty lingered in Flores's mind about whether the saliva-stained
tissue and the naturally fallen hair could truly serve as a medium for
the love incantation, but the desire to find out overwhelmed any
reservations.

Excitement and anticipation surged within him as he envisioned the
possibility of witnessing such a beautiful scene, an uncontrollable
smile gracing his face.

"Naboredisley..."

Flores continued reciting the love incantation with abnormal devotion
and enthusiasm, his heart pulsating with desire and joy.

"Naboredisley!"

After repeating it seven times, Flores watched in amazement as the
tissue and hair burst into flames, reflecting a rainbow before swiftly
turning to ashes.

*Success... Success!* Flores couldn't initially believe it, but
immense joy struck his heart.

Surprise lingered, but Flores cared little.

What mattered was that it worked!

*That captivating woman is now in love with me!*

Thoughts of what would unfold next raced through Flores's mind. He
hastily closed the notebook, clipped the note, and dashed to the door
without bothering to put them away.

He yearned to walk the streets, confident that the lovely person must be
seeking him!

As Flores swung the door open, there she was---the woman from the bar,
standing outside.

Flores's entire being went slack under the lake-colored crystalline
gaze, his balance teetering on the edge of surrender. Every fiber of his
being yearned to yield.

As the woman willingly stepped into Flores's embrace, he eagerly
enveloped her in his arms, leaning in for a kiss.

Yet, the sensation he encountered was far from the warmth and softness
he had imagined. Instead, it was cold and unyielding.

*Wh...* Flores's surprise turned to shock as he realized he was
embracing a waist-high mirror. The mirror brushed against his chest,
swaying back and forth, resisting his attempts to disengage.

Flores recoiled in unnatural fear. The lingering sensations from his
earlier fantasies refused to dissipate. His heart froze while his body
burned.

With mounting dread, he struck the mirror with increasing force.

Finally, retreating to his suitcase, Flores delivered a decisive blow,
shattering the mirror with a resounding crack.

It shattered into countless fragments, piercing Flores's clothes, chest,
stomach, and arms.

Agony surged through Flores's body, searing his senses, snapping the
fraying nerve that was already on the brink.

In that moment, he tasted a euphoria unlike any other.

Collapsing to the ground, Flores lay motionless, caught between fear,
longing, anguish, and ecstasy.

___

"It can truly assist in digesting the Pleasure potion..." Franca clicked
her tongue, observing the scene unfold in the mirror of the apartment
diagonally opposite Flores's room.

With her expertise, the spectacle before her could be deemed a novelty.

"I assured you I wouldn't deceive you," Lumian, sporting a golden straw
hat, responded with a grin.

Upon accepting the commission and identifying Flores's primary problem
of inexplicably garnering the fervent affection of a stunning girl,
Lumian's initial instinct was to deploy a Demoness to test this
individual.

Franca's saliva and hair served as part of the investigation. After all,
mysticism likely played a role.

Naturally, for safety precautions, Franca had treated the saliva and
hair beforehand. Thus, she devised a Mirror Substitution, a dark magic
of Witches, which accurately connected to them.

Now, the results were in---splendid. Franca had subjected Flores to
pleasure's torment, exposing him to the agony of chasing fleeting
satisfaction.

"Curious, Flores managed to ensnare my mirror's affection with just a
single-word incantation. No ritual or supplication to any entity,"
Franca mused with emotion. "Even I can't achieve that."

Lumian chuckled in response, remarking, "You can. No incantation or
medium needed. Just unleash your charm."

"..." Franca was taken aback. "You're starting to resemble an Intisian.
Or is this a result of your Feynapotter education?"

Pursing her lips, her gaze flickered.

Lumian continued, "There's another issue. Pedro previously tasked two
adventurers with probing Flores, but they vanished. And it appears this
fellow lacks Beyonder powers."

Franca suddenly smiled. "This is intriguing... If the Mirror
Substitution failed, and I fell under the sway of that incantation,
falling in love with Flores, what would you do?"

Lumian emitted a soft chuckle.

"Making someone vanish without a trace is simple. I don't even need to
lift a finger."

Lumian was confident Ludwig could consume the fellow entirely, with
counter-divination to top it off.

Without awaiting Franca's response, Lumian headed for the door.

"I'll pay that fellow a visit. Keep vigilant for any developments and
beware of mishaps."

"Understood," Franca replied solemnly.

As Flores hadn't managed to close the door in time, Lumian found the
entrance accessible without the need to pry it open.

Sensing the intrusion, Flores snapped out of his daze, hastily rising to
his feet.

By this point, Lumian had already picked up the notebook, unfolding it
to the two pages displaying the mottled note.

"W-what are you doing?" Flores asked, horror etched across his face.

He immediately recognized Lumian.

*Louis Berry? The great adventurer Louis Berry?*

"Did Pedro hire you to investigate me?"

Ignoring the inquiry, Lumian walked toward the window, ushering in a
gust of fresh air.

"A love incantation can make a woman fall in love with you. All you need
is to obtain her true name..." Lumian began reciting the Highlander
annotation on the mottled note in front of Flores. "The incantation's
pronunciation is..."

He abruptly halted without completing the recitation.

Flores's face had already turned a sickly grayish-white, as if he could
foresee the impending demise of his reputation and his capture by the
Church.

"Where did this come from?" Lumian pointed at the mottled note and the
old notebook.

Cold sweat broke out on Flores's forehead, and his eyes gradually turned
fierce.

Suddenly, he shouted, pronouncing the word in a rugged and awkward tone,
"Naboredisley!"

This time, there was no target or corresponding medium.

Almost simultaneously, Lumian sensed his surroundings fall silent as an
ominous aura rapidly enveloped the room.