---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2096
index: 620
section: vol4
slug: 620
title: Abnormality in the Abyss
---

## Chapter 620: Abnormality in the Abyss

"Could it be that some of the Demon legends in this notebook are true?"
Lumian held the yellowed notebook and flipped through a few pages.

Franca tersely acknowledged and said, "In a world where superpowers
exist, where true Devils and Demons roam, many related legends must be
true or have originated from the true prototype. Do you think Nabo---uh,
the Demon who claimed to be ancient, might be the protagonist of one of
these legends? And the Demon on Hanth Island is its archenemy, living in
the real world disguised as a human. It lied, claiming the other party
is a descendant of a Demon and tempted us into taking risks to achieve a
certain goal?"

"Perhaps," Lumian smiled. "Let's not speculate about such matters
involving high-level creatures. I'll just write to Madam Magician and
report it to her."

Franca glanced at Lumian and chuckled.

"You're really proficient in dealing with management.

"However, it does make sense. We know very little about real Demons.
Making wild guesses is a waste of time."

She then pointed at the notebook and said, "The handwriting differs from
the note that wrote the Love Incantation. It's not the same author."

Lumian had already sat at his desk, unfolded a piece of paper, and wrote
to Madam Magician. As he deliberated over his words, he responded to
Franca's words, "Does the notebook have the phrase that represents the
Love Incantation?"

"I scanned through it. Nothing," Franca replied affirmatively.

Lumian contemplated for a moment and said, "There are two possibilities.
The first is that the Demon used someone under its control to insert the
Love Incantation into this notebook that records Devil and Demon
legends, hoping that it could secretly spread and affect more people.
The second possibility is that those who once read this notebook were
unknowingly influenced by the demon and obtained a so-called revelation.
They wrote this Love Incantation and provided commentary."

"Mysticism sure is dangerous..." Franca sighed with emotion.

Lumian swiftly composed the letter and dispatched the ancient notebook
and the note with the Love Incantation to Madam Magician.

While awaiting a response, Franca and Lumian briefly delved into the
Demon legend of Hanth Island in the Berserk Sea.

Thirty years after Emperor Roselle discovered a safe sea route to the
Southern Continent, numerous mysterious deaths of colonists and natives
plagued the newly colonized Hanth Island. Witnesses claimed to have seen
a valley ablaze with sulfur flames in the island's forest. At night,
pitch-black Demons with goat horns were suspected of circling the area.

After the authorities intervened, the mysterious deaths ceased. The
owner of the notebook that chronicled the legend even attempted to
explore the forest, but he failed to locate the alleged valley burning
with sulfur flames.

As they conversed, time passed. The doll messenger arrived with Madam
Magician's reply, the ancient notebook, and the Love Incantation note.

Lumian illuminated the gas wall lamp and began reading. Franca didn't
hesitate and leaned in.

"It's impossible to determine its true name with just the fact that the
name 'Naboredisley' could expel that fellow.

"This is because it admitted, in a short period of time, that it was its
real name. Even if it's lying, sometimes, under certain circumstances,
admitting something makes it the truth. It possesses the corresponding
mysticism connection. This is one of Mr. Fool's authorities. Amon, too,
could do it in the past.

"As you prayed directly to Mr. Fool and used his power to exorcize
Naboredisley, it doesn't matter if it's its real name. It won't affect
the final outcome.

"Do you understand? Termiboros's warning was correct. You have to be
cautious even if it's a false promise.

"If it's truly a Demon and its true name is indeed Naboredisley, the
problem ends up more complicated. Since the Fifth Epoch, Demons active
in the human world have either taken the form of Sealed Artifacts or
come from Andariel, Beria, or Nois. Demons without surnames in their
true names are often ancient or come from the Abyss where Devils and
Demons reside. As for the Abyss's current state, Emperor Roselle's diary
has mentions of it."

Upon reading this, Lumian turned to Franca.

In the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, he often observed others
trading Emperor Roselle's diary. When the April Fool's members were
still active, they would even recite the relatively comedic parts
publicly. However, having joined the transmigrator organization only
recently, he had no interaction with translations from the past. He had
no way of knowing what Abyss-related matters the Emperor had recorded.

Franca said with a solemn expression, "Emperor Roselle once found the
entrance to the Abyss and conducted a thorough exploration."

"As expected of Emperor Roselle," Lumian praised instinctively and
sincerely.

There weren't many people he admired---in fact, very few---but Emperor
Roselle was one of them.

Knowing that this emperor was a transmigrator like his sister made him
feel an affinity with him.

Franca continued, "In the Abyss that Emperor Roselle explored, Devils
and Demons had long perished. Not a single one remained.

"All he saw before him were either corpses or silence.

"This state made him feel fear. He left in a hurry without completing
his exploration."

"All dead?" Lumian frowned slightly. "Is the Love Incantation fellow
either not a Demon or an ancient Demon from the Abyss's core?"

Pausing momentarily, he added, "If it's really an ancient Demon, it
might know why the Abyss underwent such an abnormality."

Franca nodded solemnly.

The duo cast their gazes at the back of Madam Magician's reply.

"I reckon you've already grasped the gist of the Abyss from the Two of
Cups, so I won't dive deeper. Simply put, Naboredisley could be a potent
Demon who slipped out of the Abyss's anomaly, or it might have roamed
the Northern Continent before the three major Devil clans---Nois, Beria,
and Andariel---held sway. It didn't pledge allegiance to any ancient
gods, whichever way you slice it. But dealing with an ancient Devil King
who's fled back to the Abyss isn't something the two of you are capable
of, let alone striking a bargain with it.

"You can explore the Demon legends on Hanth Island if it's on your
route, but stay cautious.

"Remember, the Abyss's corruption is potent. It can corrupt people
without their awareness. During this time, be vigilant for changes in
your thoughts, concepts, emotions, and desires. If you notice anything
unusual, consult a Psychiatrist for confirmation. If you're genuinely
affected by the Abyss aura from Naboredisley, contact me or Judgment.
Experts skilled in purifying such influences will assist you. Avoid
burdening Mr. Fool unnecessarily.

"Thinking about the name 'Naboredisley' is okay, but refrain from
writing or reading it."

After reading the letter, Lumian mumbled to himself, "Madam Magician
seems more inclined to believe it's a Demon and not some other hidden
entity."

"That's right," Franca echoed, puzzled. "Let's assume that fellow is a
Demon, yet it doesn't even have Danger Premonition, allowing us to
complete the preparations for the Exorcism Spell. If we say it isn't, it
can create fluctuations and trigger our desires and emotions. I was just
guessing that it's a secret entity that possesses a Grade 1 Sealed
Artifact of the Demon pathway."

Lumian pondered for a few seconds and said, "Perhaps Madam Magician has
seen more.

"That fellow probably doesn't have Danger Premonition because its true
form isn't here. It only descended with a sliver of its aura and power.
Or perhaps, the danger originated from Mr. Fool, so it couldn't sense
it!"

"That makes sense," Franca agreed before saying with a strange
expression, "Ever since we became Minor Arcana cards, we've increasingly
come into contact with the depths of the mystic world. The Demoness
Sect, the mirror world, the War of the Four Emperors, the Great Mother,
and a Demon of the Abyss this time... In the past, when I read Emperor
Roselle's diary, I often had the feeling that 'that's just how the world
is.' But now, the contents of his diary have truly come to us."

Without waiting for Lumian to speak, Franca added in a self-deprecating
manner, "For example, a Demoness does taste pretty good."

Lumian chuckled and remarked, "Think about it carefully. Did you
encounter these things after becoming a Minor Arcana card holder, or
after getting to know me?"

"Uh..." Franca's lips twitched. "You know yourself well."

___

Two days later, Lumian, Ludwig, and Lugano boarded a long-distance ship
set to pass by Hanth Island, en route to the Southern Continent's West
Balam.

Lumian aimed to investigate the Demon's legend and seize an opportunity
to fully digest the Conspirer potion.

After outsmarting Naboredisley and banishing it with the Exorcism Spell,
Lumian realized that his potion digestion had made significant progress.

With another decent performance, he could advance the digestion further.
This would eliminate the need for the final advancement ritual's aid,
allowing him to plan the subsequent matters more calmly.

Captain Pedro, accompanied by his eldest daughter Salah, and a few
Favored and Blessed, expressed sincere gratitude to Lumian. They watched
as he ascended the gangway with his godson and servant, boarding the
ship named 'Berries.'

Once the ship set sail, one of the Blessed appeared to sigh in relief
and commented, "He's finally left Port Colla..."

Without waiting for Salah to inquire about the reason for the sigh, the
Blessed, wearing a brown priest's robe, turned to her and Pedro and
advised,

"The circumstances at the scene of Flores's death indicate that this
matter involved a true, high-ranking Demon. Miss Salah, it's best if you
stay in the cloister for a year to avoid any possible aftereffects."

Salah, aware of her awakening thanks to the adventurer Louis Berry's
assistance, was horrified. However, lacking personal experience, she
inquired, "A year? A real Demon... What kind of Demon is that?"

The Blessed, in a brown clergyman's attire, responded solemnly, "It's
the Demons from the legends you've heard of, or something even more
powerful."

"Wh..." Salah turned to her father with a face filled with fear,
confusion, and disbelief.

*Did you guys save me from such a Demon?*

Pedro was equally surprised.

He had never imagined that his daughter's situation would involve such a
terrifying existence.

And Louis Berry had only received 20,000 gold risot!

No, he actually succeeded!

Pedro, having witnessed the adventurer Louis Berry's strength through
the colossal wave he created, could now grasp his power more vividly in
this direct comparison.

___

In the first-class cabin suite aboard the Berries.

Lumian handed the ancient notebook and the note with Love Incantation to
Ludwig and asked with a smile, "Is it edible?"