---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2103
index: 627
section: vol4
slug: 627
title: Treatment Plan?
---

## Chapter 627: Treatment Plan?

Lumian had initially theorized the presence of multiple Demons on Hanth
Island, specifically the sealed blood-colored Demon and the
ice-blue-eyed Demon. However, to his astonishment, he discovered various
ice-blue-eyed Demons---in the cathedral!

*How many Demons inhabit this island?*

*Are they all part of the same family with ice-blue eyes?*

*As expected of the Mother of All Things. Even a Demon can be Her child.
A whole nest of them!*

___

As thoughts swirled in Lumian's mind, accompanied by those piercing
ice-blue eyes and the name Naboredisley, he felt that his previous
investigations and speculations were completely off course.

The complexity and mystery surrounding the legend of the Demons on Hanth
Island surpassed his initial imagination.

*No, there are still gains and benefits...*

*Speculation involves bold assumptions and careful confirmation. It's
normal for initial assumptions to be overturned. The elimination method
is a crucial deduction tool...*

*How can there be unsolved cases that are guessed completely correct
from the beginning? The crucial aspect lies in consistently refuting the
incorrect path through falsification and integrating new information
acquired during the investigation to uncover the right one...*

*Heh heh, if I were to take the Reader pathway, it should be relatively
straightforward for me to act the role of a Detective. Discerning a
conspiracy stands out as one of the primary duties of a
Detective...*

Lumian reassured himself, disentangling from the impact of the two
ice-blue-eyed Demons. He regained his clarity and rationality, no longer
feeling befuddled and disoriented.

Under the blistering sunlight, he swiftly identified an issue.

*In the scene I witnessed through the Mystery Prying Glasses, the
blood-colored Demon was pulled by an invisible force, but there was only
one invisible force, and only a pair of ice-blue eyes gazed at
me...*

*There's only one ice-blue-eyed Demon closely linked to the
blood-colored Demon, and that's the elder Boselli who repented before
the Sacred Emblem of Life. The others, including the ice-blue-eyed
clergyman, are its descendants. Could they be the offspring it left
behind with the nuns when it used the Hanth Island's cloister to
'restore its youth' and obtain a new identity?*

*However, when the ice-blue-eyed clergyman mentioned Boselli, it didn't
sound like it was referring to its father, grandfather, or ancestor. It
was as if it was discussing a friend with whom it didn't share an
amicable relationship...*

*Moreover, it also identifies itself as Naboredisley...*

*Could this be a family name? A significant family name among the Abyss
Demons?*

Puzzled, Lumian boarded the Berries and returned to his first-class
suite.

At that moment, Lugano and Ludwig were relishing a lavish lunch.

Upon spotting Lumian, the Doctor grinned sheepishly and said, "I thought
you'd be indulging in the local delights on the island, so I didn't wait
for you."

Lumian sat down and grabbed a wheat-flavored bun. As he chewed, he asked
thoughtfully,

"What do you know about the abilities of the Planter pathway?"

Lugano hesitated for a moment before truthfully responding, "Sequence 9
Planter significantly boosts my strength. I can predict the weather to a
certain extent by observing clouds, wind, and other natural phenomena.
I'm adept at identifying seeds and nurturing them. Farming tools suit me
more than knives and guns.

"Sequence 8 Doctor's primary abilities revolve around healing. They can
discern the patient's specific situation through Spirit Vision. They
possess outstanding surgical skills, such as suturing severed limbs and
transplanting internal organs. Additionally, we gain Beyonder abilities
like Evil Ailment Treatment, Trauma Treatment, Soul Suture, and
Life-Giving.

"As far as I know, the next Sequence is called Harvest Priest. It mainly
focuses on promoting the reproduction and growth of creatures and
bringing about a bumper harvest with Beyonder powers..."

Upon hearing this, Lumian suddenly interrupted Lugano.

"Soul Suture?

"How is this implemented?"

Lugano grinned sheepishly and said, "I haven't really used this ability
yet. It's used to treat soul injuries. As you know, some superpowers can
attack the soul, making it difficult for it to heal on its own. At this
moment, as long as the injured let go of their bodies and minds and
don't resist, I can carry out a soul-level surgery to stitch up the
corresponding wound."

Lumian's concern wasn't about stitching up a soul; it was another matter
that provided him with a fresh perspective on the Demon legends of Hanth
Island.

He downed the pre-meal bun and took a sip of the golden liqueur. After a
moment of contemplation, he inquired, "Since you can suture souls, from
a different standpoint, can you also sever souls?"

Lugano fell silent. After ten to twenty seconds, he responded,
"Theoretically, yes, but it requires the corresponding person to
completely open up their body and mind, leaving their soul unprotected.
It would be even more effective if their physical body doesn't exist."

The Doctor hesitated for a moment before adding, "This can serve as an
attack on the soul, but it could also be a treatment method. If a
patient's soul is corrupted by a curse, they can address it by severing
the depravity and allowing their soul to gradually heal."

Upon hearing this, Lumian smiled and applauded softly.

"Well said. Well said."

Lugano, being thick-skinned, couldn't help but feel a bit embarrassed by
the praise. He blurted out, "That's just my speculation. I haven't
tested it yet."

Lumian ignored him and proceeded to emulate what Ludwig had done. He
forked a lamb chop onto his plate and began cutting with determination.

Simultaneously, the initial sensations when he faced the onslaught of
the ice-blue-eyed Demon resurfaced in Lumian's mind.

He witnessed diverse versions of himself---a version brimming with
hatred, another immersed in pain, one engrossed in lust, and another
consumed by various desires and emotions...

As Lugano detailed the process of suturing and soul-severing, an idea
sparked in Lumian's mind.

*What if the High-Sequence abilities of the Planter pathway were
employed to excise different aspects of the soul corresponding to
various desires?*

*Could there truly be just one ice-blue-eyed Demon on Hanth Island, but
its soul had been partitioned by the Saints and even Angels of the
Church of Earth Mother, each becoming an individual? On a mystical
level, they remain a single entity. Hence, is there only one invisible
force closely tied to the blood-colored Demon?*

*The question now is---why would the Church of Earth Mother undertake
such an action?*

*Imposing restrictions or offering protection? Perhaps both?*

Lumian swiftly linked this with the state of the blood-colored Demon. It
consistently descended into the pitch-black sewage before being hoisted
up by an unseen force.

*Splitting the soul acted as a shield for the ice-blue Demon, preventing
corruption from the power of the pitch-black sewage?*

*Wait, could the ice-blue-eyed Demon be the untainted segment of the
blood-colored Demon's soul? Is the Church of Earth Mother's approach
based on deeming the entire body beyond salvation, but parts are still
considered healthy? Is that why a healthy soul needs to be severed into
different desires?*

*The forest sealing off the mysterious valley, pitch-black sewage, and
the blood-colored Demon displayed characteristics of rebirth, growth,
depravity, death, and rebirth again... The soul fragments of the
blood-colored Demon were given new life, enabling them to utilize the
cycle of rebirth, growth, aging, death, and rebirth again to resist the
corruption spreading from their true bodies?*

*Simultaneously, relying on the existence of the healthy parts prevented
the blood-colored Demon from sinking entirely?*

*Aging soul fragments are inherently more vulnerable to corruption from
the main body, and newborns are the healthiest. This explains why the
old Boselli and the ice-blue-eyed clergyman are in different
states...*

*Such a newborn possesses a Demon's potent soul, but its human body is
exceedingly frail. Yes, it aligns with my observations of Boselli. Its
feeble and aged body encases a potent soul teeming with
malevolence...*

*This... This method of sealing and rescuing aligns with the Church of
Earth Mother's unique abilities...*

With these revelations, Lumian felt enlightened. Only then did he
realize that he had been continuously cutting the lamb chop's bones,
producing a grinding sound.

Lugano pretended not to notice or hear anything, focusing on enjoying
his meal. Ludwig paid no attention to such trivial matters, wholly
absorbed in the delicacies.

Lumian withdrew his gaze and happily poured himself a glass of Paha red
wine. The confusion, disorder, loss, and disappointment he had
previously experienced dissipated significantly.

As he drank, he leisurely pondered, *This hypothesis aligns most with
the current details. Unfortunately, it can't be verified, nor do I dare
to. And without verification and results, there's no feedback for the
potion's digestion...*

*Forget it. The experience and lessons I gained this time are much more
important than the digestion I can still attempt in the future.*

*Why does the Church of Earth Mother want to protect the blood-colored
Demon? Moreover, since a healthy soul has been separated and given new
life, why not completely destroy and purify the corrupted true form to
eliminate any hidden dangers?*

*There's a high chance that this involves the world's deep
secrets...*

*Is that blood-colored Demon the true and largest Naboredisley?*

*Was the one seeking a deal to slay Hanth Island's Demon descendant it?
Can it, in turn, affect a few soul fragments, allowing me and a
Mid-Sequence Beyonder like Franca to slay a true Demon?*

The more Lumian contemplated, the more curious he became about the
truth. However, he eventually restrained himself.

For Beyonders at his level, this matter was concluded. After leaving
Hanth Island, he would report his gains and speculations to Madam
Magician and consult the Tarot Club's Major Arcana card holders.

Lumian, putting aside his investigative thoughts, felt a sense of
relief. He spent the rest of his time leisurely strolling through Port
Hanth.

To his surprise, he realized that the Berserk Sea island city, far from
the Feynapotter Kingdom, didn't have a genuine casino. There were no
criminal industries like human trafficking. It was as clean as if it had
been purified by the Eternal Blazing Sun Church.

After engaging in Fighting Evil and other card games throughout the
afternoon, Lumian, with wins and losses not exceeding 1 gold risot,
finally grasped the reason.

Unable to control themselves, the ice-blue-eyed Demons prioritized the
malevolent wrongdoers, making them vanish into the forest outside the
city.

As time---a century or two---elapsed, Port Hanth could be deemed a city
bathed in sunlight.

Certainly, there were innocents among them, like Antonio Elias.

Late at night, in the first-class cabin suite of the Berries.

In his slumber, Lumian vaguely witnessed the land shrouded in sulfurous
flames, and the blood-colored Demon sprawled within the pitch-black
liquid.