---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2114
index: 638
section: vol4
slug: 638
title: Possible Enemy
---

## Chapter 638: Possible Enemy

"My father bore the last name Andariel, cut down by a curse unleashed by
a Devil's projection during a ritual gone awry.

"Inheriting his mantle, I became a Beyonder. My mother remains a
mystery, perhaps just another name etched into my father's ledger of
victims...

Upon the murky surface of a dark mirror, Bram Andariel's blood-drained
visage recounted his origins with an impassive mask.

Franca, "invited" by Lumian, faced a full-body mirror, employing her
unique magic mirror spirit channeling technique to delve into the
Andariel family and the Rose School of Thought.

Regrettably, Bram lingered on the fringes of the secret organization and
his Devilish family. His insights were scant. Moreover, to divert
Lumian's scrutiny and covertly finalize the ritual preparations, he
divulged truths without deceit.

With Spirit Channeling reaching its threshold, Franca posed a final
query.

"Who leads the Andariel family now?"

Bram's increasingly translucent and sinister countenance contorted
abruptly.

"He---he's dead.

"He became a sacrifice!"

*Sacrifice... such theatricality?* Before Franca could delve
deeper, Bram's figure waned swiftly, dissipating into nothingness.

As the Demoness of Pleasure concluded the ritual, she clicked her tongue
and addressed Lumian, "The Andariel family's state is dire. Even the
patriarch can be offered as a sacrifice. Are they fully controlled by
the Rose School of Thought?"

In light of the temperance faction's alignment with the Church of The
Fool within the Rose School of Thought, Franca glossed over distinctions
between factions. After all, the Rose School likely teemed with
adherents of indulgence.

Lumian responded contemplatively, "The situation in the Abyss isn't
quite right either..."

Whether Naboredisley was the pseudonym of Devil Monarch Farbauti or not,
the plight of the blood-colored Demon deep within Hanth Island mirrored
the Abyss's troubles to some extent.

With a scoff, Lumian remarked, "We're accustomed to damning others to
hell and the Abyss. We believed it to be the worst place. Who knew the
Abyss itself could decay? It's falling into its own abyss."

"A hellish jest indeed." Franca glanced at the pristine night sky, less
tainted by industrial pollution. The crimson moon of the Southern
Continent appeared clearer and brighter.

She steered the conversation back on track.

"If Hisoka truly is from the Devil pathway, his actions make sense.

"The Research Society was lax. Minimal filters or restrictions on its
members..."

Franca and Lumian were aware that the Curly-Haired Baboons Research
Society operated in a way that there were no Devil pathway Beyonders,
but nobody knew the truth. Membership didn't entail self-declaration of
pathways or proof. Sequences were discerned through interactions at
gatherings. Hisoka remained an enigma, his pathways and Sequence elusive
even to key April Fool's members.

"Hisoka has always been a loner. He rarely participates in other April
Fool's pranks. Is he afraid of being discovered as a Devil?" Lumian
contemplated, adding, "He was most inclined to collaborate with Mad
Lady, an unabashed lunatic who couldn't care less. She might even relish
the prospect of testing if a Devil's blood runs cold..."

*I sense a subtle mockery, insinuating my penchant for
experimentation... Yet, despite being a Coldblooded, the remnant blood
of the Serial Killer Bram retained a hint of warmth. Does Coldblooded
mainly denote emotional detachment rather than literal coldness? Or
could it be the Southern Continent's summer, heating up the blood of
cold-blooded creatures...* Franca's musings drifted.

Franca then cautioned Lumian, "If Hisoka is truly a Devil, he'll sense
your malice the moment you uncover a key clue. He can decide whether to
strike or flee, shifting to another country to hide.

"Dammit! Pursuing a Devil is a real hassle. When we can't beat him, he
strikes first. When we can, he's nowhere to be found."

"We could use a Demon Hunter in times like these," Lumian half-jokingly
remarked.

From Devilology, Lumian knew that Sequence 4 of the Warrior pathway was
the Demon Hunter---an expert in hunting Devils. They were natural
adversaries to Devils, Desire Apostles, and even Demons.

One of the Demon Hunters' crucial skills was concealing their actions
and intentions, making it impossible for targets capable of sensing
danger to detect them!

Franca concurred succinctly, "Now I see why Madam Magician sent you the
spirit world's coordinates, instructing you to visit the New City of
Silver and find Mr. Sun to eliminate the remaining corruption. It's
dominated by the Warrior pathway and boasts many Demon Hunters.

"Though enlisting a Demon Hunter throughout the entire process might
strain our resources."

That was a genuine demigod!

While dealing with Hisoka was Lumian's personal grudge, Major Arcana
card holders would also take notice, given Hisoka's potential alignment
with that Celestial Worthy.

Lumian chuckled.

"No need for a Demon Hunter to intervene directly. I wonder if they can
craft charms, potions, or items concealing malice. If so, we can spend a
hefty sum through the Tarot Club's connections to acquire them or engage
in item exchange."

"Start inquiring soon," Franca advised. "If Hisoka is a Desire Apostle,
be cautious. You carry too many random items, and some mystical items
have adverse effects on emotions and desires. He could detonate them,
injuring you instantly..."

As she spoke, Franca's lips trembled before she sealed them shut.

Lumian nodded solemnly, refraining from boasting about his Ascetic
abilities.

Having recently endured an explosion of emotions and desires, he
understood it was beyond the endurance of an Ascetic, causing physical
damage to the brain.

Franca then said, "The one chasing the Serial Killer was from the
Numinous Episcopate, not a regular patrol member. The currents in Matani
run deep."

The Numinous Episcopate, a clandestine organization in the Southern
Continent, was rumored to trace its origins to the former royal
descendants of the Balam Empire and Beyonders unwilling to forsake Death
as their faith. Their ultimate aim was to restore Death to His throne,
ruling East and West Balam once more.

Lumian strolled to the window, gazing at the street. He grinned and
commented,

"This is the chaotic Southern Continent.

"Actually, what piques my interest is why the Rose School of Thought is
collecting information about the daily lives of Port Pylos residents. It
seems like they want to govern this place.

"That's not their usual style."

Lumian had limited knowledge of the Rose School of Thought's past. All
he knew was their recent spree of sacrifices, leaving bloodshed wherever
they occupied. Running a city or port for extended periods didn't align
with their usual behavior.

"Nothing is certain." Franca's mind was working overtime recently. After
a moment's reflection, she added, "Regardless of the Rose School of
Thought's motives, considering the sacrifices they've conducted in
recent years, they should have gained substantial boons from the Mother
Tree of Desire. Now, with Devil family members in the mix, encountering
a significant Rose School of Thought member may mean dealing with a dual
Bearer of potions and boons. Perhaps a Zombie Recipient, Wraith Tree
Spirit, or Sex Addict Apostle? Similar to a Hunter Monk like you."

Franca, always more adept at nicknames and unconventional thoughts than
Lumian, playfully referred to Beyonders who were both Zombies and
Recipients as Zombie Recipients.

Her primary intention was to caution Lumian that certain Rose School of
Thought members might exploit abilities like those of the Sex Addict to
provoke his desires. Later, in their Desire Apostle form, they could
detonate those desires, providing end-to-end service.

It would be a formidable challenge. In Lumian's condition, facing such
Beyonders posed considerable danger.

Lumian chuckled, somewhat self-deprecatingly.

*Why do I feel like a powder keg, ready to explode with the slightest
touch?*

"Nevertheless, I don't intend to meddle in the Rose School of Thought's
affairs. I'll write to Madam Magician and report the traces of the Rose
School of Thought in Port Pylos. Someone will investigate and handle it.
Aren't Mr. Star and Mr. Moon among the Major Arcana card holders
overseeing the Rose School of Thought?

"My sole focus is Hisoka. At least, we can be sure that even if he's of
the Devil pathway, he likely has no connection to the Andariel family.
Otherwise, the Rose School of Thought wouldn't have dispatched Bram and
company for reconnaissance. Bram wouldn't have been oblivious if a
family member had been active here."

Franca hesitated for a moment before adding, "Hmm, just be careful."

___

Having escorted Franca back to Trier, Lumian stowed away Bram's Serial
Killer Beyonder characteristic.

It took the form of a sharp-edged, prismatic ice cube, enveloping faint
wisps of thin black gas.

Upon reaching Hotel Orella, Lumian approached the trio of mechanical
elevators, pulled the handle, and stood patiently.

With a creak, the double doors opened simultaneously.

Lumian's silhouette, elongated by the crystal chandelier behind him, was
mirrored in the mechanical lift.

Beside him stood a slender human shadow.