---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2117
index: 641
section: vol4
slug: 641
title: Information From Eating
---

## Chapter 641: Information From Eating

Lugano, who had been observing from the sidelines, was taken aback when
Lumian handed the thin aluminum foil to Ludwig and inquired if he wanted
to eat it.

Despite Ludwig's previous display of abnormal eating habits, including
drinking a tube of human blood in front of Lugano, revealing all the
corresponding information, Lugano still harbored reservations about
feeding Ludwig just anything, especially something as unconventional as
aluminum foil.

After all, Ludwig was still a child!

In the blink of an eye, Lugano witnessed Ludwig silently accepting the
old, thin aluminum foil, stuffing it into his mouth, chewing, and
swallowing.

"..." Lugano found himself in a daze.

Once Ludwig finished consuming the aluminum foil, he calmly turned to
Lumian and inquired, "Which details do you need---information on the
cocoa beans used, the precise quantity, additional ingredients, the
origin of the aluminum foil ingredients, the production factories, or
the individuals most in contact with it?"

Lumian shook his head slowly.

"No need."

This information wouldn't help track down Hisoka. Hisoka had touched the
thin aluminum foil while wearing gloves, leaving behind no corresponding
personal details. The patrol team had already confirmed that the
chocolate packaging was common in Port Pylos, and there was nothing
distinctive about the taste.

As Lumian responded, a mix of amusement and surprise washed over him.

*He can even extract such information from eating?*

*As expected of a monster capable of recovering just by eating and
gradually breaking free from the seal's constraints!*

Ludwig seemed to relish the delicacy. After a few moments, he remarked,
"The residual chocolate has a hint of depravity."

*Depravity? Could it be that Hisoka had carried it for an extended
period, corrupting it? That doesn't make sense. Unless one was a
demigod, Beyonder auras couldn't reach such a level. The only
possibility was that they were on the brink of losing control, deep in a
state of depravity. However, such a Beyonder's body would undoubtedly
display various abnormal details. They wouldn't be able to leave the
house; stepping out would lead to discovery and pursuit by law
enforcers. Could he rely on the human skin Bram mentioned for disguise?
*Lumian was initially puzzled, but then he asked with
anticipation, "A decadent aura from the Devil pathway?"

Ludwig licked his lips, savoring the taste of the chocolate residue.

"Yes, at least a Demon's."

"Demon's?" Lumian was taken aback and couldn't help but frown.

Having extensively studied Devilology, he knew that Sequence 4 of the
Devil pathway was known as Demon, representing a demigod.

If the chocolate slightly tainted with a decadent aura came from a
Demon, it clearly didn't belong to Hisoka.

Lumian wasn't arrogantly dismissing Hisoka's potential to have advanced
to Sequence 4. Instead, the aluminum foil and chocolate marks
represented the state four years ago. Hisoka couldn't have been a Demon
back then, unless he had become a Desire Apostle upon transmigration. If
that were the case, his targets for the serial murders should have been
Sequence 6 or 5 Beyonders.

Although Beyonders at this level were rare in Matani, Devilology didn't
specify that serial murders could only occur in one location.

"Are you certain?" Lumian looked at Ludwig for confirmation.

Ludwig replied earnestly, "A Demon's decadent aura has a completely
different texture from Low- to Mid-Sequence Devils."

Upon hearing his godson's response, an image suddenly surfaced in
Lumian's mind.

Hisoka standing within the wall of spirituality, engaged in a special
ritual to establish a connection with a Demon. Throughout this process,
a few pieces of chocolate wrapped in thin aluminum foil remained in his
pocket. They were slightly tainted by the decadent aura permeating the
altar, subtly and silently transforming...

Yes, when I perform a ritual, I don't remove all my belongings in
advance and leave them outside the altar unless there's a specific
mention in the ritual requirements that I should avoid... As a
Conspirer, Lumian quickly made a guess and asked Ludwig, "Can you tell
which Demon's decadent aura it belongs to?"

Lumian's current idea was that if Hisoka couldn't be found in the
future, he would exhaust his resources and seek the help of the New City
of Silver's Demon-Hunter experts. He would set up a ritual and summon
the Demon who had established a connection with Hisoka. He would have it
beaten up before interrogating it for information about Hisoka.

Ludwig shook his head.

"I can't absorb such subtle information yet. All I know is that the
decadent aura belongs to a family called Nois."

*Nois, one of the three Devil families... The Demon responding to
Hisoka's special ritual is from the Nois family? That's peculiar. How
can a Demon respond to a ritual remotely? It has to be at Sequence 3, or
even at the Angel level... According to Devilology, Serial Killers can
summon projections of Abyss Demons because those Devils can use the
special properties of the Abyss to respond, not because they have
reached the corresponding level. However, the Nois family is a Devil
family active in the real world and hasn't entered the Abyss...*
Lumian made many connections from the Nois last name.

He concluded by listing three possibilities:

Firstly, the Demon responding to the Hisoka ritual was none other than
the Nois family's Angel.

Secondly, it had reached Sequence 3 and was located in Port Pylos, near
Hisoka.

Thirdly, the Nois family had a close connection to the Abyss. They could
borrow the Abyss's properties to some extent. Even a Demon could respond
to prayers from afar.

Lumian pondered for a moment and asked Ludwig, "Any other information?"

"No," Ludwig replied, disappointing Lumian.

Lumian handed over the remaining piece of aluminum foil.

"Try this one too."

Ludwig didn't hesitate. Like many children drawn to the sweetness
lingering on wrappers, he popped the thin foil stained with chocolate
into his mouth and chewed.

After a moment, while Lugano snapped back to reality, Ludwig looked at
Lumian and remarked, "There's more to this one."

"What kind of information?" Lumian knew that Ludwig's special mention
had to be of some value.

Ludwig responded with the air of a connoisseur, "This thin aluminum foil
rested on a table marked by old blood and a splash of coffee. The blood
belonged to a deceased male. The spirituality was initially potent, and
the coffee was Fermo blend, unsweetened, distinctly bitter yet
fragrant."

Upon hearing Ludwig's account, Lumian's mind painted another vivid
scene.

A few pieces of chocolate wrapped in thin aluminum foil lay nonchalantly
on a table, soaked in old blood and spilled coffee. They seemed to share
an intimate connection for an extended period. Then, a hand reached out,
snatched them up, and swiftly pocketed them before making a hasty exit.

Connecting the dots, Lumian strongly suspected that the table had served
Hisoka in a dwelling he once occupied.

"Do you have detailed information on the male deceased?" Lumian probed
Ludwig for more insights.

Ludwig shook his head once more.

"No, unless I consume the blood directly."

The bloodstains likely belonged to one of the victims, Lumian surmised.
He pondered whether this information was documented in the case file or
elsewhere. Was Hisoka using the table as an autopsy platform or perhaps
an altar? Lumian mused inwardly, a tinge of disappointment clouding his
thoughts. Nevertheless, he refocused his attention on the Fermo coffee.

He mumbled to himself, *Does this mean that Hisoka has a penchant for
coffee, specifically the Fermo blend from the Paz Valley...*

The Paz Valley, nestled in the Southern Continent, boasted the renowned
Fermo coffee, comparable to Feynapotter's highlander coffee and the
Southern Continent's own version. It was a luxury enjoyed mainly by the
middle class for extended periods.

In Matani, where both East and West Balam produced high-quality coffee
beans, such occurrences were rare. The locals had access to a plethora
of excellent coffee beans. Those unfit for export were sold at
affordable prices, favored by both colonists and natives.

Lugano, now fully attentive, cautiously added, "I've heard that those
who frequent Fermo coffee appreciate its bitterness and fragrance.
However, those who prefer it without sugar are a rare breed."

*In essence, Hisoka's unique taste in coffee is uncommon
here...* Lumian smiled at Ludwig and remarked, "Well done. If I
apprehend the target in the future, I'll give him to you."

When the time came, Lumian would likely be a Sequence 5. Moreover, he
wouldn't give Ludwig the Beyonder characteristic. Lumian could ease his
grip on the boy.

*Give...* The notion sent a chill down Lugano's spine, a hint
that his imagination might have run too wild.

To others, gifting a Beyonder of the Devil's Pathway might relegate the
recipient to a life of servitude or worse, becoming an ingredient.
However, with Ludwig...

Lugano involuntarily shuddered.

He didn't dare to think about it!

Ludwig nodded, his eyes gleaming with anticipation.

Lumian turned to Lugano and said, "Don't you have a good grasp of
Dutanese? Check Port Pylos this afternoon and find out which shops sell
Fermo coffee. It's preferable if it's one that has been operating for
four to five years or longer."

"Alright." Lugano suddenly felt a surge of usefulness.

In the evening, he returned to Suite 7 at B3 and reported to Lumian,
"There are only three shops selling Fermo coffee. One is on Cania Street
in Resurrection Square..."

"You mentioned Cania Street in Resurrection Square?" Lumian interjected.

"Yes, Unit 21 on that street. It's called Matani Import and Export
Shop," Lugano confirmed.

Lumian fell silent.

*Isn't it close to Port Pylos's patrol team?*

___

In Port Pylos, on the third floor of the building housing the patrol
team.

Camus received the bounty and gave a fifth to his two companions.

He then entered the telegraph room and inquired of the telegrapher, "Do
you have a telegram for me?"

He had previously sent a telegram to inquire with certain friends if
they had any information on Louis Berry, the adventurer.

Since they were in collaboration, he needed to ascertain the other
party's situation first!

The female telegrapher, wearing a sweet smile, straightened up and
responded, "Yes! From Farim."