---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2120
index: 644
section: vol4
slug: 644
title: Patrol Team
---

## Chapter 644: Patrol Team

Camus stood at the entrance of the Matani Import and Export Shop,
casually smoking a cigarette as he observed the passing customers.
Despite his watchful eyes, he didn't spot anyone purchasing Fermo
coffee.

As the gas street lamps gradually illuminated the surroundings, casting
a dark blue hue across the sky, Camus extinguished his cigarette and
tossed it into a nearby trash can. He then made his way back to the
beige four-story building that housed the patrol team.

Originally planning to indulge in an Intis feast in a neighborhood
frequented by foreigners to celebrate his unexpected windfall of 40,000
verl d'or, his plans were disrupted by Louis Berry. By the time he
returned, it was already late, and he couldn't be bothered to wait for a
top chef to prepare something special. Instead, he decided to return to
the patrol team, pool money with his close teammates, and order takeout
from a nearby restaurant. After satisfying his hunger, he intended to
relax at a bar or dance hall.

While crossing the hall, Camus spotted a teammate with dark brown skin,
thick lips, and a height exceeding 1.8 meters. Curious, he inquired,
"Why did the guy in the straw hat come looking for you again?

"Heh, I heard you and the others caught a Serial Killer and got a bounty
of 50,000 verl d'or?"

In Matani, the currency was commonly denoted in verl d'or and Delexi
copper coins, a system ingrained during Intis colonization. Despite
Admiral Querarill's control, there were no significant changes in this
aspect. The only difference was a partnership with the Feynapotter
Kingdom's bank that facilitated the free exchange of verl d'or and gold
risot.

If he were one of the two teammates---either the Magician or the
Zombie---whom Louis Berry had asked about, Camus would undoubtedly be on
high alert. However, the person standing in front of him was Sow, a
Sequence 8 Pugilist of the Warrior pathway. Sow had joined the patrol
team as an adventurer just last year and was known for having a pleasant
personality. Besides a bit of laziness and a love for enjoyment, there
were no significant issues.

Camus laughed and said, "That's my informant. Without him, I wouldn't
have received that much bounty."

Sow, with his single eyelids, had a realization.

"Did he come to you just now to get his share?"

Camus thought for a moment and replied, "That's one reason. The other
reason is that he's still investigating the serial murders from four
years ago and wanted to ask me for some details."

He had kept the case dossier hidden from the captain and vice-captains
of the patrol team, but he couldn't keep it from his teammates.
Therefore, he had no intention of concealing Louis Berry's investigation
into the serial murders from four years ago. Moreover, he planned to
monitor the police headquarters to identify anyone who enjoyed Fermo
coffee and seemed suspicious. He would need his teammates' assistance to
some extent.

"Any progress? Any chance of claiming the bounty?" Sow, dressed in a
pleated shirt and carrying a broadsword, displayed visible interest.

Camus wasn't ready to provide detailed information at the moment. He
vaguely responded, "He suspects that the murderer might be hiding at the
police headquarters from four years ago. I plan to investigate
discreetly."

"Why do you think the murderer is a police officer?" Sow looked puzzled.

Camus hadn't discussed this with Lumian earlier, so he pondered for a
moment and explained, "Consider this. In the case four years ago, only
Beyonders were targeted. Several of them usually concealed their
identities. How could the murderer accurately locate them and know that
they were Beyonders?

"Only us or those from the police headquarters at a certain rank can
access that kind of information. It's easier to verify if there are
Beyonders of the Devil pathway on the patrol team."

Four years ago, during their investigation, Vice-Captain Reaza had
proposed this idea. However, he only suspected that the Serial Killer
was hiding within the patrol team and hadn't considered the police
headquarters or the Admiral Guard. Subsequently, the patrol team
conducted an investigation and found no suspicious individuals, leading
them to shift their focus.

"I see a glimmer of hope and smell the fragrance of verl d'or," Sow said
with anticipation. "If you need help, feel free to look for me. I heard
that Kolobo and the others just followed you to the scene and each got
5,000 verl d'or!"

"No problem," Camus readily agreed.

Then, he walked past Sow and along the corridor toward his office.

At the door of his office, Kolobo poked his head out, observing the
conversation between Camus and Sow.

Kolobo, about the same age as Camus, in his mid-twenties, had dark hair,
azure eyes, and a slender figure. He held a pair of black sunglasses in
his hand.

He lowered his voice and said to Camus, "Stay away from Sow for the time
being."

"Why?" Camus asked, surprised.

Observing Sow vanish through the door leading to the hall, Kolobo
averted his gaze and explained,

"I have a feeling that something bad will happen if one interacts with
him during this period."

"Then why didn't you warn him?" Camus frowned in confusion.

As a Sequence 8 Robot of the Monster pathway, Kolobo possessed
formidable spiritual perception and could vaguely sense certain things.

"I warned him. He thinks everything's fine. I even reported it to the
Captain." Kolobo shrugged.

As he spoke, the thin Beyonder recalled something.

"That adventurer, Louis Berry, is also dangerous. When I arrived at the
scene this morning, I didn't dare to look directly at him. Occasionally,
I would glance at him and see large amounts of blood, flames, and death.

"I didn't want to tell you at first. I felt that if I said it, fate
would suffocate me. Phew, it actually seems okay to say it now. It seems
I'm too sensitive."

*That dangerous? As expected of a great adventurer who received a bounty
of 600,000 verl d'or at once...* While Camus, who knew about
Louis Berry's deeds, wasn't overly shocked, this was the first time he
had heard a Monster like Kolobo describe someone in such a way.

Camus patted Kolobo's shoulder.

"Thank you. I'll be careful."

With that settled, he asked curiously, "Was Louis Berry the first person
to give you such a feeling?"

"No, there's another one." Kolobo shook his head.

"Who is it?" Camus was surprised.

Kolobo's expression suddenly turned serious.

"I can't say. I'll die if I say it. I'll die!"

With that, the thin Beyonder swiftly left Camus's office.

___

Upon returning to Hotel Orella, Lumian headed straight for the master
bedroom.

In the subterranean suite, even during the scorching season, a
refreshing coolness lingered in the air.

On the desk in the master bedroom, a neatly folded letter awaited
Lumian.

*Madam Magician's response...* Lumian picked up the letter and
began reading.

"Excellent. You have a good understanding of yourself.

"The Rose School of Thought and the Numinous Episcopate will be managed
by dedicated personnel. No need for you to take unnecessary risks.
Concentrate on dealing with Hisoka. If they request your help, you may
cooperate.

"The Beyonder characteristics left behind by members of the Rose School
of Thought, especially those of the Devil and Prisoner pathways, come
with a certain level of troublesome corruption. It's advisable not to
sell them or randomly seek out an Artisan to craft items. If you need
to, you can sell them to me or let me find an Artisan. Keeping them in
the Traveler's Bag is also fine. Compared to the Shadow Branch boxing
gloves, Mr. Fool's seal, and the attention and influence of other items
on you, they're as weak as an ordinary newborn baby."

Relieved by this response, Lumian took a breath and activated the black
mark on his right shoulder, vanishing from the room.

After a while, he materialized atop a bell tower on Avenue du Boulevard
in Trier.

Gazing at the luxurious Champs-Élysées in the distance and the already
lit lamps, Lumian couldn't hold back any longer. He needed to carefully
consider the information he had just obtained from Camus.

With the Berserk Sea, the Feynapotter Kingdom, and half of the Intis
Republic between them, Lumian could devise a plan to hunt Hisoka without
worrying about the enemy sensing malice and danger!

Perhaps only an Angel could sense over such a distance.

Though Lumian lacked specific information about his target or Hisoka's
identity and had no concrete plan, caution was paramount when he had the
ability to be cautious.

Relying on his Ascetic trait, he endured, putting aside thoughts of the
corresponding matters. Only when far from Port Pylos and the Southern
Continent did he carefully consider details, allowing his thoughts to
run free.

After an indeterminate amount of time, Lumian vanished from the bell
tower.

*Clang! Clang! Clang!*

The pendulum clock struck 7 p.m.

___

The next morning.

Upon entering the hall, Camus spotted Louis Berry, adorned in a golden
straw hat, seated on a sofa in the reception area.

Why is he here again? Recalling Kolobo's warning, Camus frowned and
approached with concern.

"What can I do for you this time?" he asked calmly, keeping his emotions
in check.

Lumian chuckled.

"I need some information, but it won't be from you. Find a reliable
teammate who isn't privy to our discussion yesterday evening. Meet me at
the Matani Import and Export Shop.

"I can offer 5,000 verl d'or for this."

*A peculiar request... 5,000 verl d'or. How generous... Is he trying to
avoid a Devil's danger premonition?* Camus, an experienced
official Beyonder, quickly made the connection.

He refrained from overthinking and pondered for a moment before
responding, "Agreed."

Heading into the office area, Lumian rose and departed, making his way
to the Matani Import and Export Shop nearby.

Soon, a man sat opposite Lumian, who was savoring his coffee.

The man, with dark hair and a relatively thin build, was a member of the
patrol team who had accompanied them to the scene yesterday. Today, he
wore dark-black sunglasses, giving him the appearance of a blind
individual.

"I'm Kolobo. Camus mentioned a chance to earn 5,000 verl d'or," the
patrol team member introduced himself in fluent Intisian.

Amused, Lumian observed Kolobo's demeanor. Taking out a pen and paper,
he counted out 5,000 verl d'or notes and slid them over.

"Write down the Prisoner pathway Beyonder's name and details from the
patrol team. Ensure I don't catch sight of it. Fold it into a square
after writing."

Kolobo, almost as if blind, fumbled for the banknotes.

He bent down and counted, nearly burying his head under the table.

"Why aren't you looking at me?" Lumian asked with curiosity.

Trembling, Kolobo replied, "I fear I might truly go blind."

*Are you able to see something you shouldn't? From the Monster
pathway?* Lumian pondered but refrained from probing further.

Kolobo turned around and swiftly wrote down the corresponding
information on the table behind him, folding the paper and passing it to
Lumian.

Without a second glance, Lumian promptly received the information and
stowed it in his Traveler's Bag.

After settling the bill for his coffee, he headed to the washroom.

His figure vanished once more.