---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2127
index: 651
section: vol4
slug: 651
title: An Unfulfilled Conspiracy
---

## Chapter 651: An Unfulfilled Conspiracy

In the beige, four-story patrol team building, Camus had managed to
break free from the poker card's influence. He discovered Sow sprawled
in a pool of blood, brutally torn apart by two zombie-like undead
creatures.

In neighboring rooms, another patrol team member, under Twanaku's
control, put up a stubborn resistance. His comrades had already fallen
victim to the relentless assault.

Camus, catching his breath, hadn't anticipated stumbling upon an
assassination plot within the patrol team, putting his own life at risk.

His gaze fixed on Deputy Captain Reaza, a middle-aged man in a sleek
black suit controlling the undead creatures. Confused, Camus inquired,
"How did Sow end up joining the Rose School of Thought?

"And why are so many members under their control?"

Despite Camus resisting the poker card's influence, Jenna's earlier
shout lingered in his mind.

Reaza, surveying the scene of blood and undead, responded after a moment
of contemplation, "It's likely Twanaku's doing."

*Twanaku...* Camus recalled the questions raised by Louis Berry.

*Was Twanaku truly responsible for the serial murders four years
ago?*

*Could he be a Devil in disguise?*

Frowning, Camus grumbled, "Keeping a Zombie on the team was already a
significant risk. Just because he can show restraint doesn't clear him
from suspicion of being a Rose School of Thought member. He might
indulge at specific times."

Reaza, with a stern demeanor, spoke in a deep voice, "We'd confirmed he
defected from the Rose School of Thought. He believes in The Fool."

"The Fool, the temperance faction?" Camus asked in surprise,

not expecting such a revelation.

___

In the dream's interrogation room, housed within the ancient and
crumbling palace of the Nation of the Evernight, Hisoka couldn't contain
his amusement at Lumian's question.

"If you had sought the Tarot Club's assistance, I could have killed
you!"

Hisoka's laughter reverberated, and his black shadow danced on the wall,
morphing into curved goat horns and colossal bat wings.

Lumian caught a whiff of a conspiracy and asked in confusion and
curiosity, "Why do you think so?"

Hisoka rose, a murderous glint materializing in his eyes.

"If you involve the Tarot Club, they'll undoubtedly seek my aid in your
investigation."

At this point, Hisoka's lips curled into an unusually flamboyant smile.

No longer conscious in the dream, he revealed his innermost self.

Lumian raised an eyebrow, asking, "Are you a Minor Arcana card holder?"

Hisoka shook his head, replying with a radiant smile, "I'm a member of
the temperance faction, a devotee of Mr. Fool."

The Devil burst into laughter, bowing and exclaiming, "Praise The Fool!"

Lumian, finding it absurd and amusing, instinctively analyzed the
situation.

*Hisoka is actually a member of the Rose School of Thought's temperance
faction? A flamboyant and malicious Devil is actually a member of the
temperance faction?*

*Logically speaking, this was clearly impossible!*

*Yet, in this dream crafted by Hela, unless Hisoka possessed unique
abilities to deceive, lying was unlikely.*

*The only plausible explanation: he had infiltrated the temperance
faction through deception and deceit!*

*On the surface, Hisoka seemed to be a Beyonder of the Prisoner pathway,
displaying a level of restraint. As a non-core member of the temperance
faction, he might have gone unnoticed with his issues.*

*Right, is this why the Matani patrol team allowed a Prisoner pathway
Beyonder to join?*

*This was more than four years ago. Back then, Hisoka was merely a
Sequence 8 Lunatic of the Prisoner pathway, not yet a Mid-Sequence
Beyonder. As a peripheral member of the temperance faction, he likely
operated without much scrutiny.*

*Moreover, he probably joined the temperance faction before this, when
he was weaker and less noticeable.*

*Later, he faked receiving resources from the temperance faction and the
Rose School of Thought's attack to advance. In reality, did he rely on
the Mother Tree of Desire's boons? Where did those resources go? Were
they secretly sold or crafted into a mystical item? That poker
card?*

*Why did he infiltrate the temperance faction and worship Mr.
Fool?*

*His main goal clearly isn't resources...*

*Faith in Mr. Fool...*

With this in mind, Lumian suddenly had a guess.

Hisoka's true aim was to infiltrate the Church of The Fool through a
certain pathway and have faith in Mr. Fool!

This revelation came from Celestial Worthy!

*Hisoka genuinely believes in the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth
for Blessings. However, that Celestial Worthy is resisting Mr. Fool. He
can clearly influence the Seer, Apprentice, and Marauder
pathways...*

*Hisoka used a specific technique during prayer. On the surface, he
seemed to be praying to Mr. Fool, but in reality, did he receive a
message from that Celestial Worthy? This way, he wouldn't face the risk
of a false premise...*

*That's very likely... Madam Magician mentioned that if I don't follow
the procedures when praying to Mr. Fool, the response might not be from
him, but from the Celestial Worthy...*

*Why did Celestial Worthy make Hisoka do this?*

*Marauder... Steal... Could It be that He intends to gradually steal Mr.
Fool's identity and faith through this method?*

*When many believers genuinely believe in Mr. Fool, but they equate him
as the Celestial Worthy, the Celestial Worthy becomes The Fool?*

*Hiss, the more I think about it, the more terrifying it
becomes...*

*Hisoka can't do it alone. There must be many others who share similar
beliefs...*

*Impressive. If the Celestial Worthy usually gathers followers, the
Tarot Club would wipe them out at the slightest hint. Yet, if their
followers outwardly professed faith in Mr. Fool, not only would they
escape destruction, but they'd also gain protection...*

*How devious...*

Lumian swiftly deduced the situation, sensing the ominous pressure from
the hidden Celestial Worthy.

Once marked by Him, failure could creep in unnoticed and strike him down
unexpectedly!

Considering this, Lumian recalled Port Pylos and grasped Hisoka's
confidence. He also comprehended why Hisoka had opted to remain and wait
patiently.

Freshly arrived in the Southern Continent and stepping into Port Pylos
for the first time, Lumian lacked resources, companions, and even
knowledge of Dutanese. There was a high likelihood that he'd seek aid
from the Tarot Club standing behind him.

The Major Arcana card holders of the Tarot Club wouldn't personally
intervene without a clear target due to the uncertain timeframe. They
would likely dispatch a Minor Arcana card holder familiar with the
Southern Continent or a faction member to assist.

Under these circumstances, who better to meet the requirements than
Twanaku Tupián, a Church of The Fool's temperance faction member from
Matani, well-versed in the local situation, holding the appropriate
official status, and reaching Sequence 6.

In that scenario, Lumian and Hisoka would investigate Hisoka. The other
party would gradually grasp the situation, assess potential traps and
their effectiveness. Hisoka could then seize the opportunity for a
surprise attack, assault the mind, and trigger desires!

Contemplating this, Lumian acknowledged that if he failed to detect
Hisoka's malice during the investigation, the chances of succumbing to
Hisoka's hands were 100%. He'd be a spectator as the Devil faced off
against Termiboros in the form of a soul fragment.

Hisoka, informed by Loki, should have made preparations to deal with the
dangerous creature within the seal. Perhaps relying on the Nois family's
Demon or his status as a Blessed of the Mother Tree of Desire.

*Thankfully, Madam Magician kept reminding me that a Hunter can't rely
on high-ranking individuals behind an organization for everything. I
need to hone my skills, familiarize myself with conspiracies and
battles. Otherwise, I might have sought guidance from the Tarot Club as
soon as I arrived in Port Pyro...*

*That would have been dangerous...*

*Grande Soeur and Emperor Roselle both mentioned that the most dangerous
places are often the safest. Now, I must add that those who seem the
safest and most reliable might pose the greatest risk...*

*It's not that they're no longer trustworthy, but the enemy will exploit
this sense of security.*

*Yes, Madam Magician has also emphasized that if anything seems awry
with her orders and suggestions, I should ignore them. Quickly
contacting the other Major Arcana card holders to confirm the situation
is crucial.*

Lumian gazed at the flamboyant Hisoka and smiled.

"If I hadn't received help from a special trace expert, if Hidden Blade
hadn't been more familiar with your persona, and if I hadn't had a
Psychiatrist to profile you, and ultimately failed to find any clues or
direction, I would have sought the Tarot Club's help and looked for a
guide familiar with the local situation."

Hisoka fell into silence. After a few moments, he spoke up, "I get
everything else, but why the sudden need for a special trace expert?"

Lumian chuckled.

"Because it's a gift from a true god."

The more time Lumian spent with Ludwig, the more he felt that letting
such a dangerous individual escape the Church's control wasn't a
decision a high-ranking member of the Church of Knowledge would make.
There had to be a revelation from the God of Knowledge and Wisdom.

Certainly, Lumian couldn't be sure. As far as he knew, the Knowledge
pathway, also known as the Reader pathway, excelled in prophecies at
high Sequence.

Hisoka fell into silence for a moment before unleashing a roar, much
like a wild wolf howling beneath the moon.

Lumian reviewed the entire incident, realizing that this revenge was a
clash of conspiracies. Unfortunately, Hisoka didn't grasp his
personality and style well enough, nor did he comprehend his companions.
He could only rely on the sea prayer ritual and Loki's first death as a
guide. Consequently, there was a deviation, shattering his expectations
despite a high likelihood of success.

*Phew...* Lumian exhaled and inquired, "Who were the ones
causing havoc on the patrol team's side?"