---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2133
index: 657
section: vol4
slug: 657
title: Tizamo Town
---

## Chapter 657: Tizamo Town

Reading Madam Magician's two choices, Lumian fell into deep thought.

These were incredible rewards!

It had to be known that reaching Sequence 4 marked a crucial point for
Beyonders, a moment of qualitative transformation. From then on, one
could attain godhood and become a half-human, half-god entity. Most
Beyonders would never get this far. This wasn't just about becoming a
demigod; it also included seeing or obtaining related items firsthand.

A Sequence 4 potion formula was usually priceless!

Moreover, this was a Sequence 4 potion formula related to Lumian's own
pathway.

As for the reward of divining clues about the rest of the Abscessed
Hand's body, it symbolized the promise and assistance of an Angel.
Ordinary Beyonders wouldn't even dream of such a chance, let alone
receive an opportunity. They could only read about Angels gaining the
Lord's permission and responding to believers' prayers in various
Churches.

Furthermore, Lumian needed to address this issue.

After advancing to a Sequence 5 Reaper, his top priority was finding the
remaining parts of the Abscessed Hand's body. Without completing this
task, the formula, the ingredients, the digestion process, and the
prepared ritual wouldn't give him a shot at becoming a demigod in time
due to the unfulfilled promise and the oath's restrictions. Regret
wouldn't even be an option.

Lumian had no clue how to locate it by himself. His only plan was to
mimic the incantation for summoning the Abscessed Hand and craft a new
series of summoning incantations. He hoped to summon the spirit world
creature's legs, arms, body, and head.

However, this was a risky endeavor. In his dream, Lumian learned from
his sister that when the summoning incantation lacked clarity and had no
restrictions, the summoned entity could be unpredictable. It might be a
demigod-level spirit world creature filled with malice, capable of
killing the summoner instantly.

Lumian couldn't pinpoint the precise direction due to the unknown
fragmentation of the Abscessed Hand's body. It could be a relatively
intact body missing a hand, or it might have shattered into tiny,
peanut-sized fragments. Describing it accurately was impossible. He
could only experiment repeatedly, narrowing down the possibilities. It
was akin to playing with his life.

More importantly, Lumian had already combed through the comprehensive
information on common spirit world creatures provided by Madam Magician.
Still, he found nothing that seemed to be other parts of the Abscessed
Hand's body.

Lumian desired the Sequence 4 Iron-blooded Knight potion formula and
clues about the rest of the Abscessed Hand's body.

This was the reason why he couldn't make a decision.

He pondered whether to teleport back to Trier now and seek Franca or
Jenna's help in divination, hoping their spiritual insights would
provide him with valuable hints.

As these thoughts raced through his mind, Lumian reached a decision.

The second option!

This was because he remembered something important. Mr. Hanged Man's
reward had yet to materialize. It was an opportunity to explore the Blue
Avenger, a ghost ship that was a relic of the Tudor Empire.

Considering that the Blood Emperor Alista Tudor was once a true god of
the Hunter pathway and a half-mad Red Priest, the Tudor Empire's
inheritance contained the Sequence 4 potion formula of the Hunter
pathway, along with Beyonder ingredients and characteristics. It was
something to look forward to.

Lumian promptly sat down and penned a reply to Madam Magician,
expressing his thoughts. He also informed her that he would be heading
to Tizamo Town to investigate Hisoka's inheritance.

___

At 4 p.m., Camus Castiya, accompanied by three dark-brown Southern
Continent natives, knocked on the door of Suite 7 on B3 of Hotel Orella.

"They all hail from Tizamo, born and bred. They only ventured to Port
Pylos in search of opportunities upon reaching adulthood," Camus
explained in Intisian, introducing the two men and one woman. "One is a
supplier of Gwadar berries, another married a local and toils at the
port, and the third took a less lawful path as a thief."

*One is a relatively wealthy merchant, the other is a dockworker, and
the other is a thief. They happen to be at three different social
levels, and they are from both genders. This will allow me to understand
the situation in Tizamo to the greatest extent and comprehensively.
Camus is very professional in this aspect. As expected of a former
Sheriff...* Lumian nodded slightly and asked the three subjects
in fluent Dutanese, "I'm a scholar of folklore en route to Tizamo. But
before that, I'd like to learn more about the town. My Dutanese is a bit
rusty, so Mr. Camus will assist in translation."

"We'll heed Officer Camus," responded the eldest merchant with a smile,
quickly seconded by the others.

Lumian turned to Lugano and instructed, "I'll take one to the master
bedroom for an exchange. You can entertain the other two."

"Alright," Lugano replied promptly.

Inside the master bedroom, Lumian courteously seated the merchant in an
armchair, positioning himself at the edge of the bed. Speaking in
Intisian, he inquired, "What's the primary produce of Tizamo?"

Camus, translating, wore a puzzled expression.

*Is Louis Berry truly planning a journey to Tizamo?*

*It's evident he's tracing Twanaku's footsteps!*

Camus assumed the role of an Interrogator, staring down at the seated
merchant as he conveyed Lumian's words.

The merchant, filled with trepidation, responded, "Sir, we mainly
cultivate Gwadar berries, spices, and forest fruits. Numerous
plantations dot the surroundings, and we often venture into the forest
for hunting, selling both meat and fur. Additionally, we cut down trees
for crafting coffins.

"That's... that's about it. The remaining effort goes into planting corn
and potatoes for our own consumption."

Lumian absorbed the information and refined his understanding of
Dutanese through Camus's translation.

Engaging in casual conversation, Lumian explored the daily lives,
sustenance, and leisure activities of the Tizamo residents.

From the merchant's account, Lumian painted a mental picture of Tizamo.

Its populace mainly consisted of locals, with outsiders being the
proprietors of nearby plantations and some acquired slaves. Thanks to
the hunting services provided to the Port Pylos gentry, Tizamo
maintained a connection with the outside world, avoiding isolation and
conservativism.

Although the faith in Death had been eradicated, traces of it lingered
in daily life. The townspeople primarily believed in the Eternal Blazing
Sun, yet remnants of Death faith were evident, such as frequent visits
to the cemetery and the practice of not burying prematurely deceased
children in coffins. Each adult prepared a coffin for themselves in
advance, and the common means of travel involved using a coffin.

With keen interest, Lumian concluded the discussion and inquired, "Are
you familiar with Twanaku Tupián?"

*Finally getting into the meat...* Camus exhaled quietly and
conveyed the question to the merchant.

A warm smile appeared on the merchant's face.

"I do! He's well-known in town."

"Why?" Camus interjected.

The merchant, with an obsequious smile, responded, "Sir, he should be
your colleague. Twanaku is the first person from Tizamo to join the
patrol team. Moreover, he's rapidly advancing in rank. He's a source of
pride for us."

Lumian couldn't help but emit a soft chuckle.

"I'm quite curious about Twanaku's past."

The merchant's expression shifted slightly as he glanced around.

"Sirs, did Twanaku commit a crime? Did he join an organization that
believes in Death?"

*Quite perceptive...* Lumian thought, while Camus grumbled in a
low voice, "Are we doing the questioning or are you? Just answer
truthfully!"

Under the mental pressure of the Interrogator, the dark-skinned merchant
replied with a trembling voice, "I've known for a long time that this
young man, Twanaku, will surely become extraordinary, but I also know
he'll one day tread the path of blasphemy against a deity."

Seeing Camus and Lumian awaiting further explanation, the merchant
continued, "There was a fire in the Twanaku family. All his kin
perished, and only he survived. According to our customs, he's favored
by a deity, spared from death. Such individuals often go on to achieve
great feats."

The deity's favor refers to Death here, right? Not succumbing to Death
is considered receiving Death's favor? Lumian interjected thoughtfully.

"The fire happened about six years ago?"

"How did you know?" the surprised merchant asked. Then, slapping his
forehead, he added, "I'm such a fool. You must have investigated it
beforehand."

*From the looks of it, the fire somehow brought Twanaku back to life,
transforming him into Hisoka...* Lumian nodded.

"Continue."

Recalling, the merchant said, "Since then, Twanaku fell silent, as if in
shock. He no longer participated in Mass or entered the cathedral of
God. Later, he left Tizamo for Port Pylos."

Was Twanaku unafraid of scrutiny for acting so unusually? Did he not
bother to feign his faith? By then, Hisoka had already become a Beyonder
of the Devil pathway, making it impossible for him to participate in the
Eternal Blazing Sun Church's Mass? Where did his first potion come from?
Lumian pondered while Camus translated and asked, "Does Twanaku
frequently return to Tizamo?"

"He comes back to Tizamo every year. I'm not sure how often or for how
long," the merchant truthfully replied.

"Where does he stay when he returns to Tizamo?" Lumian inquired further.

The merchant smoothly replied, "At his own place. After joining the
patrol team and amassing wealth, he rebuilt the burnt-down house."

*Rebuilt the house that was destroyed in the fire...* Lumian
contemplated for a moment and then asked, "Are there any special
folklore festivals in Tizamo?"