---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2134
index: 658
section: vol4
slug: 658
title: Deep Desire
---

## Chapter 658: Deep Desire

The merchant responded cautiously to Camus's translation, "Sir, we don't
really have any special folklore festivals. We only celebrate two
festivals every year. One is the Sun Sacrifice in December, and the
other is the New Sun Festival in June."

The Sun Sacrifice was a recurring festival for the Eternal Blazing Sun
Church, marking the day with the longest daylight of the year when the
sun reached its zenith at noon.

In the Northern Continent, it took place in mid-to-late June, while in
the Southern Continent, due to the reversed seasons, it occurred in
mid-to-late December.

The New Sun Festival, originating from the believers of the Southern
Continent's Eternal Blazing Sun, involved celebrations during the
longest night and shortest days, welcoming the return of the sun and
anticipating more light and warmer weather.

This celebration often coincided with the New Year in many parts of the
Southern Continent, gradually merging the two festivities.

The merchant explained that the citizens of Tizamo Town solely
celebrated festivals connected to the Eternal Blazing Sun, having
abandoned the traditions related to Death.

He reflected for a moment and added, "It's been like this for a long
time---since my grandfather was born."

Matani, particularly Port Pylos and the gold mine city of Devise, had
been Intis's colony for nearly a century. The native population was
compelled to convert generations ago, becoming followers of the Eternal
Blazing Sun. This, however, was limited to areas effectively managed by
colonial institutions in the past.

When Lumian arrived in Port Pylos, his first impression was: at the
docks, in the heart of the city, it resembled the port cities of Intis.
Yet, the workers' skin was darker and browner. The streets frequented by
Intisians and Feynapotterians were sparsely populated and desolate.
After passing Hotel Orella and exploring other areas of Port Pylos,
various buildings with West Balam characteristics emerged. More
pedestrians populated the streets, and the echoes of Dutanese filled the
air.

Lumian sought further details, indirectly confirming the merchant's
words. Interrogator Camus discerned no signs of deception.

"What things have left a deep impression on you since you were young
that you still remember from time to time?" Lumian shifted the
conversation.

Recalling, the merchant replied, "Grand funerals... Newly built
coffins...

"The primitive tribe that clashes with us every year... The occasional
scream at night because of them...

"Everyone's hardworking, calm, and well-educated. We get angry, but we
don't argue on the spot or shout. We choose to find the padre, officers,
and judges to determine who's right and who's wrong..."

Camus translated the merchant's words to Lumian, adding a few comments.

"That's indeed the case. I've been to Tizamo. The people there are very
docile. Even if they're treated unfairly, they rarely resist violently.
The manor owners of the surrounding plantations love to hire them,
reducing the cost of buying slaves.

"Of course, it's not that they're emotionless and won't resist. Instead,
they tend to abide by order and follow the official processes to resolve
problems. I-I guess they can be considered outstanding believers of the
Eternal Blazing Sun?"

The honorific name of the Eternal Blazing Sun contained the description
"Embodiment of Order."

As a member of the Feynapotter royal lineage, Camus undoubtedly believed
in the Earth Mother. He knew that Louis Berry hailed from the Intis
Republic and was likely a believer of the Eternal Blazing Sun.

Lumian stood up, extending his arms with a smile. "Praise the Sun!"

"Praise the Sun!" The merchant hastily followed suit.

Lumian settled back into his seat, contemplating for a few fleeting
moments.

"Have you experienced any strange dreams?"

The merchant nodded, then shook his head.

"Many, but they slip away from memory. Do you not encounter such
dreams?"

*Indeed. Dreams often elude the control of one's consciousness. They can
reveal spiritual insights, mirror suppressed desires, or reflect events
from the day. Sometimes, these elements intertwine, resulting in strange
and unpredictable dreams. I, too, frequently encounter such dreams. In
the past, when I battled the Demon corruption, they were even more
bizarre and exaggerated...* Lumian sensed that the merchant's
response was impeccable.

If the other party could pinpoint a specific strange dream, that might
raise suspicion.

Either the dream was exceptionally strange and unforgettable, or the
merchant was abnormal and had prepared in advance before coming.

After discussing other matters, Lumian escorted the merchant out of the
master bedroom.

The responses of the other two Tizamons were similar to the merchant's,
only supplementing the details they observed at their level and sharing
encounters with their own characteristics.

Lumian found no traces of the Dream Festival.

*If the Dream Festival is genuinely linked to Tizamo, there's only one
possibility: When the townsfolk fall asleep, they enter a dream world to
celebrate the festival. Upon waking, they forget everything...*

*Or, there's another possibility. Two factions may be involved in
Hisoka's Tizamo Town prank. First, the citizens of Tizamo. Second, the
primitive tribe in the nearby forest. Could the Dream Festival be a
celebration for that primitive tribe?*

*Hisoka's prank impacted the Dream Festival, leading the primitive tribe
to suddenly attack Tizamo, resulting in significant casualties and
concealing the traces of his advancement ritual to Desire
Apostle*. Lumian pondered as he walked Camus and the three
Tizamons to the door.

Upon returning to the master bedroom, he stood before the desk and gazed
at the stone wall in front of him. His eyes flickered with anticipation
and unease.

His decision to stay in the Southern Continent and actively pursue
Hisoka's inheritance was indeed to grow amid blood, fire, chaos, and
conflict, securing more acting opportunities. He aimed to open the door
to godhood and advance to Sequence 4 as soon as possible.

The reason for his impatience was: he saw a glimmer of hope in reviving
his sister!

The state of the Naboredisleys on Hanth Island provided him with that
glimmer of hope.

This hope stemmed from the belief that a high-ranking figure of the
Earth Mother Church might possess the ability to divide another person's
soul. This would allow each soul fragment to grow into a relatively
separate individual through rebirth.

Aurore's soul fragment was sealed within Lumian's body.

Perhaps a high-ranking member of the Church of Earth Mother could use
one or more soul fragments to resurrect Aurore in a new form!

Lumian wasn't certain if such a plan could be realized or if it
constituted true "resurrection," but it was the most plausible method he
had encountered so far. He was determined to give it a try.

Of course, he couldn't experiment with Aurore's soul fragment directly.
His plan was to deliberately create some soul fragments in future
cullings and seek help from the Church of Earth Mother to see if they
could be reborn and if the person who returned was the same individual.

Once all the details were confirmed, he would revive Aurore.

Lumian didn't believe he had the qualifications to collaborate with the
Church of Earth Mother. Only by becoming a demigod and relying on the
secret organization, the Tarot Club, could he gain the Church of Earth
Mother's attention and fulfill the transaction conditions proposed by
the other party.

For this, Lumian couldn't wait to obtain godhood and advance to Sequence
4.

At times, Lumian wished his sister were also a Blessed of Celestial
Worthy and had inherited the ancient castle. This way, her resurrection
might be more straightforward.

*Yes, to extract Aurore's soul fragment, I must undo Mr. Fool's seal. To
undo his seal, I have to wait for Termiboros to become very weak. For
Termiboros to weaken, I need to continuously extract his power at a
higher level. And to withstand the power of a higher level, I have to
possess godhood and advance step by step...* Lumian's thoughts
gradually clarified, and he unprecedentedly yearned for an advancement.

*†*

Trier, Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, Apartment 702, 9 Rue
Orosai.

Franca lay on the bed beneath a velvet blanket, her cheeks still
flushed, eyes moist, and her expression unusually complicated.

Beside her, Jenna rested under the same velvet cover. She had slipped
into a deep slumber, her brows furrowed with a mix of exhaustion,
satisfaction, resistance, and nostalgia. Her outstretched arms and
exposed fair skin still bore traces of the recent fervor.

Franca gazed at Jenna and let out a sudden sigh.

The experience had exceeded her expectations, yet a sense of emptiness
lingered in her heart.

It was beautiful in the moment, but what would transpire after the
digestion of the Pleasure potion?

Could physical intimacy and emotional distance coexist?

Did overwhelming pleasure pave the way for sorrow? Was it the agony of
sinking into oblivion while resisting salvation?

*Sigh...* Franca released another soft sigh.

She sensed that her Pleasure potion had been substantially digested.

___

Matani State, Port Pylos.

Lumian, sipping a glass of Gwadar, looked up and spoke to Lugano as if
discussing the weather.

"We're heading to Tizamo Town today. Will you join Ludwig and me, or
will you stay here and wait for us?

"Let me warn you in advance. The situation in Tizamo Town might be very
dangerous."

*Very dangerous...* He wanted to say he'd stay in Port Pylos,
but memories of Father Montserrat flashed in his mind.

Gritting his teeth, he replied, "I'm with you."

If danger lurked in Tizamo Town, he could rely on his boss to bail him
out. But here? Only himself!

Lumian nodded slightly and didn't say more.

After checking out and hitting the street, he chuckled at Lugano and
Ludwig, "Do we take a coffin to Tizamo, or should we grab a carriage?"

Before Lugano and Ludwig could answer, a four-wheeled, four-seater
carriage rolled up from under the shade.

The carriage's driver, a young man, kept his head low, not daring to
look away.

Coming to a stop, Camus Castiya emerged. He forced a smile and said to
Lumian, "Thanks for your help these past days. I'll escort you to
Tizamo."