---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2136
index: 660
section: vol4
slug: 660
title: Across the Door
---

## Chapter 660: Across the Door

Without hesitation, Lugano pushed himself up and hurried to the fallen
horse, carefully examining it.

After a few seconds, he exclaimed regretfully, "It's dead!"

The poor horse was unlucky. Despite being over a hundred meters away, it
was hit twice by a flurry of gunshots. One bullet struck its side, and
the other hit its head. It couldn't be any more dead.

In contrast, the carriage driver remained unscathed. At most, he had
scraped his skin during the tumble.

Lumian glanced at Kolobo, who had his back turned to him and the others,
seemingly on guard against any potential attacks from the depths of the
forest. He led Ludwig, who had been thrown from the carriage, to the
side of the motionless, bleeding horse corpse.

"Stop the bleeding," Lumian instructed Lugano.

*Why stop it when the horse is already dead? *Although Lugano
didn't understand, he extended his shimmering palm.

After the dead horse's wounds closed, Lumian turned to Ludwig and said,
"Your turn."

Ludwig, dressed in a child's formal attire, nodded slightly.

He extended his right palm, gripping the dead horse with his five
fingers, and slowly raised it.

The blood-stained corpse of the horse suddenly stood up, causing the
overturned carriage to shift slightly.

Upon seeing this, Camus gave a barely perceptible nod.

*Is this child from the Death pathway or the Prisoner pathway?*

*However, there's no cold aura or corpse-like aura...*

After Lugano righted the carriage, the undead horse corpse continued
pulling the five of them towards Tizamo.

Just before noon, Lumian spotted their destination.

It was a small town half-encircled by rubber trees, acacia trees,
laurels, and other vegetation. Several plantations dotted the muddy
road, and the air was filled with different spice scents and the
alluring smell of roasted meat.

Tizamo's buildings were unique. Apart from the Eternal Blazing Sun
Church cathedral, which had a distinct northern style, the rest were
propped up by wooden stakes and stone pillars. They were reminiscent of
West Balam---the base deliberately left empty underneath.

This was due to the humid air and abundant rainfall in many West Balam
areas. Water would often overflow and pool below.

Lumian climbed down from the four-wheeled, four-seater carriage,
watching the people busy with their tasks in the plantation and the
town.

___

Trier, Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, Apartment 702, 9 Rue
Orosai.

Franca reclined in the recliner, rocking gently as she recollected the
previous day's events.

After Jenna woke up that morning, she went out to the streets to buy
meat, vegetables, fruits, and bread, making Franca wonder if she had
experienced a wet dream or hallucination.

*Why did she suddenly volunteer to help me with digesting the potion?
Compared to most Trieriens, she can definitely be considered
conservative...*

*Moreover, she was so direct and straightforward that I almost lost my
desires out of shock. Shouldn't she flirt first to set the mood? When
the time comes, even if she doesn't initiate, I won't be able to control
myself...* The more Franca thought about it, the more puzzled
she became. She felt Jenna wouldn't normally act that way.

After recalling Jenna's past experiences and actions, she realized there
was no issue.

That was precisely what Jenna would do!

*Jenna has a bold nature, or rather, a personality that allows her to
act decisively...*

*After the Showy Diva singer who helped her was raped by Margot and
became unstable, she was truly willing to go to extremes to assassinate
Margot and avenge her friend. To that end, she even indebted herself to
me for the Assassin potion and firmly became a Beyonder despite her
finances...*

*At the Hugues Artois banquet, she faced the Member of Parliament
protected by official Beyonders and evil gods' minions. She risked
everything, disregarding her own fate. She killed the bastard who
brought catastrophe to the market district and her family on the
spot...*

*In her heart, I should still be more important than that Showy Diva
friend of hers. Suddenly going to extremes and offering to help me with
the potion's effects is indeed something she would do...*

*Besides, sigh, this definitely isn't a spur-of-the-moment idea. She has
asked me several times about my progress digesting the Pleasure potion
and if I have a new partner. She even recommended Lumian...*

*Realizing that I haven't found a new partner and that I'm only
open-minded outwardly, she decided to act after being stirred by Lumian
advancing to Sequence 5 yesterday...*

*That doesn't seem enough reason---Jenna wouldn't sacrifice her body
because of just those things. Sigh, sacrifice...*

*Could it be that she had long realized I secretly liked her and didn't
seek out a new partner because of her? Could she believe she affected my
digesting the Pleasure potion, causing her to act?*

*Yes! That must be it. That's the only way she'd truly go to such
extremes.*

*Ahhh! Why can't I find any hint of romantic love?*

Franca wailed inwardly.

If she had known this would happen, she would have summoned her courage,
toughened her resolve, and sought Lumian's help. That way, she wouldn't
feel as conflicted and pained as she did now.

Of course, she didn't seek out a new intimate partner partly because she
cared about Jenna's opinion.

She had become Gardner Martin's lover and shared his other lovers before
meeting Jenna. There was no changing that history, so she continued on.

After Gardner Martin's demise, she had claimed she wanted Browns to
experience true pleasure and participate in the Demoness's female
orgies, but most of it was just talk. She was filled with anticipation
only out of novelty. If Browns suddenly agreed, she might hesitate and
make excuses.

She didn't want to leave an unrestrained image in Jenna or Lumian's
minds.

To put it simply, her answer to the question "Is there really no one in
this world you care about?" had changed, so she was hesitant to actively
pursue a new intimate partner.

*Jenna had no substantial intimate experience, so she didn't know how to
set a mood for such situations. She could only revert to the
straightforward seduction from when she was Little Minx, but she didn't
want to deceive my feelings and make me fall deeper. That's why she
acted that way yesterday.*

*Thankfully, she's relatively level-headed. She didn't seek a lover to
make me give up, allowing me to truly find a new intimate partner. Yes,
she might think that would be giving me prolonged pain and not prolonged
pleasure. It would have hindered my digestion of the potion...*
Franca felt even more dejected after piecing together the entire
situation.

*†*

On the stairs leading to Apartment 702.

Jenna held a bag of bread and a basket of beef, vegetables, and fruits,
reluctant to go back inside.

Recalling yesterday's events made her blush, unsure of how to face
Franca.

In her previous days as a Showy Diva singer, she had witnessed others'
affection and felt it was just so-so. Although exciting, she thought she
could endure it.

Unexpectedly, after experiencing it for real, she realized pleasure
could make people become consumed by it.

*Phew...* Jenna took a few deep breaths to calm herself.

What troubled her now was how to interact with Franca.

*Wait, should I pretend nothing happened and face her with my usual
demeanor? Should I be more cheerful and take the initiative to mention
yesterday, pretending it's no big deal so Franca doesn't mind?*

*But won't this upset her? She needs to digest the Pleasure
potion...*

*Besides, one pleasure encounter is definitely not enough. I have to
spend time with her as a couple...*

*Should I keep seducing her tonight like yesterday, or wait for her to
initiate?*

*Dammit, how annoying!*

Jenna found such matters more vexing than assassinating powerful
figures. Whether avenging herself on Margot or killing Hugues Artois,
she had always felt death was the worst outcome---no big deal. However,
this situation clearly hadn't reached life-or-death stakes. The
subsequent troubles would linger.

Jenna couldn't help but feel frustrated at the thought of maintaining an
intimate physical relationship with Franca and all the complexities
involved. She wished she could simply assassinate the Minister of
Industry, Moran Avigny, instead.

Taking deep breaths to steady her emotions, Jenna analyzed how to
approach this from an actress's perspective to make Franca more
accepting of future intimacies.

She had already taken the first bold step. She definitely wasn't willing
to give up now. She planned to continue their relationship until Franca
finished digesting the Pleasure potion's effects.

After figuring out her next move, Jenna's lips curled into a faint
smile.

Carrying bread and ingredients, she briskly climbed the stairs and
returned to Apartment 702.

As soon as she opened the door, Franca jumped up from the recliner
instinctively and forced a smile. She said nervously, "You're back?"

Amused by Franca's actions, Jenna chuckled and sighed inwardly.

*How great would it be if you didn't want to become lovers...*

Jenna calmly walked to the dining table and placed her items on it.
Then, she glared at Franca.

"What are you waiting for? Help me!"

"Alright, alright." Franca hurried over.

Seeing that Jenna wasn't reserved or distant, nor reverted to her usual
demeanor, she felt an inexplicable relief. She even began to anticipate
the night's arrival.

___

*Sizzle. Sizzle.*

The juices from a piece of beef dripped onto the fire, transforming into
smoke that swirled upwards, blending with the aroma of spices. This
caused Ludwig to swallow a few mouthfuls of saliva.

However, the boy patiently waited, not rushing the cook until the beef
roasted to its optimal state.

Lumian turned his body and gazed at a three-story building diagonally
across from the restaurant.

The yellowish-brown house was the former residence rebuilt by Hisoka
Twanaku.