---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2141
index: 665
section: vol4
slug: 665
title: Clues
---

## Chapter 665: Clues

*If the Dream Festival has a fixed date, as I suspect, it should be one
of the coming days or span a few days...*

*Recently, I came to Hisoka's house every night to sleep, trying not to
miss the Dream Festival. I also need to figure out the basic patterns of
the special dream as much as possible before it begins. For example, how
to leave the dream normally without entering the primitive
forest...*

Lumian closed the golden pocket watch and slipped it into the breast
pocket of his shirt, concealed by his vest.

He didn't continue sleeping there. Instead, he chose to descend the
stairs and enter the streets of Tizamo. First, Ludwig would have his
second supper in twenty minutes. According to their agreement, if Lumian
didn't return in time, Ludwig would come over and forcefully wake him
up. Second, he had to update Madam Magician on his discoveries.

Just as Lumian stepped out of Hisoka's house, a voice suddenly sounded
from behind.

"What exactly are you investigating?"

In a dark corner where the crimson moonlight couldn't reach, Camus
Castiya emerged, dressed in a white shirt and an unbuttoned yellow vest.
His disheveled hair collapsed from staying up too late.

At some point, the young leader of the Port Pylos patrol team's combat
team had been waiting here.

Lumian wasn't surprised at all, as if he had sensed Camus' presence. He
evaded the question and said, "Many scenes display different states
during the day and at night."

"Indeed." Camus had dealt with numerous mystical incidents that matched
this description. The simplest and most common situation was that
certain haunted houses appeared normal under the sunlight.

As Lumian walked towards the Brieu Motel, he teased Camus with a smile,
"Have you been awake the entire time, squatting in the shadows outside
the motel, observing my movements?

"That's tough. Careful not to suddenly drop dead."

If Camus hadn't known that Louis Berry had a close relationship with the
Church of The Fool and didn't mind him tagging along, he would have
thought Lumian's teasing was a warning.

*Do you think I want that?* Camus laughed self-deprecatingly.

"I'll be in charge of watching tonight. It's Maslow or Rhea's turn
tomorrow."

Lumian didn't engage in further conversation. As if lost in thought, he
made his way back to the Brieu Motel.

Camus wanted to inquire further, but he dared not.

He then saw the adventurer stop at the motel's entrance, his back toward
Camus. Lumian said calmly, "Before Twanaku died, he mentioned a
term---Dream Festival.

"I've just discovered some traces in his house and confirmed that
there's a special dream happening in Tizamo Town.

"Gather all the folklore related to dreams in this area and bring it to
me as soon as possible."

"Uh..." Camus was at a loss at first, but then his mind cleared, as if a
bucket of ice-cold water had been poured over him on a scorching summer
day.

*As expected, there's more to the Twanaku incident. There's indeed a
huge problem lurking here! *Camus wasn't too surprised, but his
heart pounded.

Instinctively, he replied, "Okay."

After agreeing, Camus realized that he had unknowingly followed Lumian's
instructions, as if the other man were the captain of a patrol team.

After watching Lumian enter the Brieu Motel, Camus briefly analyzed his
reaction.

He felt that this situation stemmed from both the intimidation brought
about by Lumian's strength and the accumulated credibility and
reliability of his previous deeds.

*I have to send a telegram back to Port Pylos to request
reinforcements...*

*In addition, I need to familiarize myself with Tizamo as soon as
possible and strive to move jurisdiction here within a few
days...*

After considering his next steps, Camus let out another sigh.

Ever since encountering Louis Berry, problems had never ceased erupting!

*I initially came to Tizamo to monitor his actions and prevent any
accidents. Why am I now investigating the Dream Festival?*

___

Up in the suite on the second floor of the Brieu Motel, Lumian greeted
Ludwig shuffling to the dining table, having just woken up. He then
returned to the master bedroom.

Before pondering his letter to Madam Magician, Lumian noticed a folded
square of paper on the desk.

A reply after midnight---so typical of Madam Magician, he thought with
an inward chuckle. He picked up the letter and conjured a blazing white
fireball above his head for light, as Tizamo lacked gas lighting.

Under the fireball's incandescent glow, Lumian unfolded and read the
letter:

"I've completed my astromancy and received a revelation about the rest
of the Abscessed Hand's body.

"The remaining body is divided into three parts. One part is highly
suspected to be located in the Underworld, and the other two parts have
hints closely related to Lenburg's capital, Azshara, but they're not
actually there. This reminds me of the City of Exiles, Morora, which
seals 0-01. It has a similar situation, inside Lenburg, yet not truly
being in Lenburg.

"My interpretation is that the two missing body parts of the Abscessed
Hand are hidden away in the City of Exiles, Morora.

"Don't you find it too coincidental?

"No, it's not a coincidence at all. My astromancy results show that
nearly three months ago, one of the two body parts was still located in
the tombs of the Paz Kingdom in the Southern Continent, and the other
part was related to some folklore in the south-central region.

"Get my drift?"

*Wh--- Almost three months ago...* As a Conspirer, Lumian
grasped Madam Magician's implication.

Accepting the information about the most terrifying Sealed Artifact
0-01, and masquerading as Ludwig's godfather, was akin to accepting an
olive branch offered from the Church of Knowledge. Lumian had promised
to pay a certain price for this knowledge...

It seemed the Church of Knowledge then dispatched high-ranking
individuals to gather the two remaining body parts of the Abscessed Hand
and hide them away in the City of Exiles, Morora.

*What does this mean? It is clearly forcing me to journey to Morora,
unless I choose to abandon my hopes of advancing to Sequence 4 and
achieving the state of demi-godhood.*

*Heh heh, my agreement with the Abscessed Hand stated that until I found
its full body, I would never be able to obtain true godhood. This blocks
any idea of trying to become a demigod without consuming potions by
relying on boons instead...*

Thankfully, Lumian wasn't resistant to the idea of visiting the City of
Exiles, Morora, before becoming a demigod. At that moment, he didn't
feel stifled or vexed by this necessity. Instead, he felt it would
actually save him a lot of trouble.

After some thought, he continued reading the rest of the letter:

"My astromancy results also tell me that once the Abscessed Hand's full
body is gathered and reunited, something extremely dangerous will
happen. It's best to complete this reunion step while you're in the City
of Exiles, and use the existence of 0-01 to try to counteract this
incoming risk.

"In other words, you need to find and retrieve the body part located in
the Underworld first.

"Yes, you should have an opportunity to enter the Underworld itself
within the next three months. Remember to seize this opportunity when it
arises. Don't ask me what opportunity it is exactly---I don't know the
specifics either."

*Opportunity to enter the Underworld within the next three
months...* Lumian repeated this crucial piece of information to
himself.

Amidst his elation, the words struck Lumian as peculiar. "Entering the
Underworld" and "going to hell" were two distinct phrases that conveyed
the same meaning. In this world, barring a small number of individuals,
no one could readily accept the phrase "you have a chance to go to hell
within three months." It was worth noting that many people would curse
at each other, saying, "I wish you a swift descent into hell."

For the moment, Lumian didn't have time to ponder the opportunity to
enter the Underworld. He burned Madam Magician's reply and jotted down
his gains for the night and his guesses about the Dream Festival. He
planned to send it to the Major Arcana card holder at noon the following
day.

Although he couldn't shake the feeling that Madam Magician's "schedule"
bore a resemblance to Franca's, he wasn't sure if it was convenient to
send a letter at that time.

___

Northern Continent, Trier.

Winter sunlight poured through the glass, filling the living room with
warmth that chased away the chill.

Franca lounged in the recliner, basking in the cozy glow with
half-lidded eyes.

Suddenly, she sensed something and sat upright, pulling her legs in.

In the shadowy corner, a human skull made of pure glowing silver
emerged. Pale white flames flickered in its vacant sockets.

*Madame Hela's messenger... Why is she contacting me?* Franca
watched, puzzled, as the skull's jaws unhinged, releasing a single page
that drifted towards her.

She snatched the letter and scanned it quickly.

"007 hasn't heard from you in four days. He wants to confirm you're
okay."

*Four days without checking the group...* A dry chuckle escaped
her lips.

*What does this mean?*

*Early to bed and late to rise keeps the king fit to rule his realm! No
more morning courts!*

In the early morning hours, Franca manned the radio transceiver while
Jenna roamed outside, seizing her opportunity to act as a Witch.

*Tap tap tap!* Her first telegram in days.

"Shurima! Your emperor has returned!"

Before long, 007's telegram was tapped out by the analyzer-powered
mechanical typewriter.

"Hidden Blade, where have you been?"

Ahem. Franca cleared her throat.

"Late nights breed ill health. Have you no loved ones?"

"Don't bring up such sad topics..."

"Hidden Blade, have you mastered the assassination arts---sundering
heart and soul?"

"..."

Protests arose from the other members.

At length, 007's message arrived.

"I have the intel on the last incident. Let's meet to discuss.

"The higher-ups also approved the item swap for the story you proposed."

Franca blinked, startled.

"How long did that take? I'd forgotten all about it..."

After all, understanding that humanoid Sealed Artifact's tale was
Lumian's curiosity, not hers.

007's resigned telegram:

"Bureaucracy inertia. Unavoidable for any large, established
organization."

"Tell me about it!" Another member, Moon King's amused agreement
clattered out. "Whether public or secret, they're all bound by red
tape."

After arranging to meet 007 that night with the Moran Avigny intel and
initial assassination plan, Franca rose with a stretch.

She jotted down the two tasks before performing a ritual to summon
Lumian's messenger, Penitent Baynfel.

___

Southern Continent, Tizamo Town.

Lumian was just about to head to Hisoka's house for a nap when his
messenger materialized from the shadows, delivering a letter.

After taking the note, Lumian noticed Penitent Baynfel didn't
immediately depart back to the spirit world as usual. Instead, he
lingered, surveying their surroundings with a measured gaze.