---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2145
index: 669
section: vol4
slug: 669
title: Connivance
---

## Chapter 669: Connivance

Recalling Franca's meeting with 007 tonight to discuss dealing with
Moran Avigny, Lumian decided to summon Jenna's messenger, Rabbit Chasel,
as he had to return to Trier tomorrow to discuss the division of labor
and specific details.

After jotting down Madam Magician's request and folding it, Lumian set
up a ritual, allowing the special Rabbit of Knowledge to emerge from the
candle's flames.

The first thing Lumian noticed was the miniature half top hat snugly
perched between the rabbit's ears. Next, he saw gold-rimmed glasses and
a black trench coat that matched the vaguely rabbit-shaped creature's
size. Finally, an iron-black revolver lay in the rabbit's palm.

The revolver gleamed with a metallic luster, its barrel unusually thick,
and its cylinder unnaturally large and textured. It stood in stark
contrast to the illusory appearance of the top hat, trench coat, and
gold-rimmed glasses.

Upon seeing Rabbit Chasel, Lumian raised his eyebrows.

"Is this a real gun?"

Hidden behind the gold-rimmed glasses, Rabbit Chasel's eyes sharpened.

"Yes."

"Did Jenna customize it for you?" Lumian inquired.

Rabbit Chasel replied succinctly, "It's payment."

*Quite a cold demeanor... Miss Celia Bello, have you considered the
consequences of what you've done? You haven't! Because I don't know the
consequences either unless I consult Madam Magician...* Lumian
criticized inwardly before handing the folded letter to Rabbit Chasel.

Seeing the human-like, rabbit-shaped creature preparing to turn and walk
into the candle flame, Lumian, the Prankster King of Cordu, asked with
interest, "Can you shoot?"

Rabbit Chasel fell silent for a moment, as if embarrassed.

"Not yet."

*Oh, you're not as cold as Gehrman Sparrow anymore...* Lumian
chuckled and said, "Jenna and I are friends. I'll help her pay the
postage fee this time.

"Do you want to learn shooting? It involves knowledge and guidance."

Rabbit Chasel, taller than an ordinary rabbit, replied without
hesitation, "Sure thing."

Lumian's smile broadened.

After finding a secluded spot at the edge of the primitive forest and
earnestly teaching Rabbit Chasel how to shoot for a considerable time,
Lumian strolled back to Tizamo with his hands in his pockets, planning
to visit the only café for afternoon tea.

The café bore the name "Bunia" after its owner, a man named Bunia.

He was under the age of 30. Having once served as a waiter and
apprentice at a café in Port Pylos, Bunia, recalling the lack of a
proper café in Tizamo Town, transformed the ground floor of his house
into a semi-open café.

Lumian, weaving through the tables and chairs on the street, arrived at
the kitchen counter, offering a smile to the proprietor and waiter,
Bunia.

"Do you have Fermo coffee?"

Bunia's brown skin, not too dark, and his features resembling those of
mixed blood, showcased his Tizamon heritage.

The man in his late twenties responded with an honest smile in fluent
Intisian.

"Monsieur, there's no Fermo coffee."

Lumian, intending to playfully inquire, casually switched to a cup of
Corsa coffee from Matani.

Sipping the bitter and sweet liquid at a table, he noticed Camus,
adorned in a vest, and Rhea, clad in leather armor, entering the café.
Each ordered an Intis coffee and a corn nutcake imbued with Tizamo
flair.

Upon spotting Rhea, the single Bunia became even more bashful and
busier, avoiding eye contact.

As Camus and Rhea, equipped with their coffee and corn nutcakes, sought
a spot, Lumian raised his arm in greeting.

As Camus and Rhea reluctantly settled into their seats across from him,
Lumian inquired with a smile, "Why do you look so tired?"

Glancing at the energetic adventurer, Camus took a deep breath and
slowly exhaled.

"We just finished work. We can finally rest."

Yesterday, he had monitored the Brieu Motel late into the night!

"All I want now is a good night's sleep." After exploring the dream
together last night, Rhea wasn't as reticent as before when facing
Lumian.

"Then why are you still drinking coffee?" Lumian replied with amusement.

It was evident that Rhea and Camus lacked the energy of a Sleepless.

"I want to endure until dinner before sleeping," Camus said with a sigh.

Rhea shook her head.

"Coffee is useless to me."

After a brief chat, Rhea finished her corn nutcake and coffee, then
headed back to the nearby police headquarters to rest. Camus continued
to recline in the armchair, occasionally taking a sip of coffee.

"Has Reaza arrived?" Lumian inquired with a smile.

Camus fell silent for a moment.

"He's here. Tonight, one of the two---Maslow and Loban---will be
following you with him."

As for Kolobo, there was no need for him to be on duty. If he didn't
even dare to look, how could he do any monitoring?

While they conversed, Lumian noticed Miss Amandina from Palm Manor
leading a short unicorn outside the Bunia café, exuding high spirits.

The blue-eyed girl was clad in off-white hunting attire today, her black
hair fashioned into a half-height bun.

After entrusting the whip and reins to the brown-skinned valet, she
strolled to the kitchen counter with her lady's maid, who also bore an
Intisian appearance.

Along the way, she cheerfully greeted the patrons in the café and
exchanged pleasantries with the locals sipping on inexpensive coffee.

Observing Camus's gaze fixed on the girl, Lumian teased, "Do you wish to
engage in a duel with her fiancé?"

"No, I'm not that kind of person," Camus replied with a serious
expression. "I admit that she's indeed very attractive to me, but she's
already engaged to Monsieur Robert. This is a sign that she's starting a
family. I can't allow myself to destroy someone else's family."

*You Feynapotterians...* Lumian didn't mock him but sighed with
emotion.

Such values appealed to Feynapotter.

Of course, not every Feynapotterian possessed such values.

Seeing Lumian's lack of response, Camus said seriously, "Don't have any
ideas about her."

Lumian regarded the young man surnamed Castiya with amusement, awaiting
further "explanation."

Camus furrowed his brow slightly.

"I know you Intisians won't back down just because the other party has a
fiancé or a husband. You might find it even more exciting, but you
always pursue momentary pleasure. Very few are willing to take
responsibility. You always satisfy yourself. When you're happy, you turn
around and leave, leaving a lady to face everything that's been
destroyed."

"Not every Intisian is like this," Lumian shook his head with a smile.

*But most Trieriens are like that... However, neither party is innocent
in such matters...* he added inwardly.

The energetic and playful Amandina led the lady's maid past Camus and
Lumian's table.

First, she greeted Camus, then sized up Lumian and said candidly, "I'm
Amandina. What about you?"

"Louis Berry," Lumian replied with a smile.

Amandina nodded and suddenly laughed.

"You must have just arrived from Trier. You're different from the people
here."

"No, I'm from a village in the south," Lumian switched to Intisian with
a Dariège accent.

Amandina wasn't disappointed. She happily inquired about the folklore of
the southern provinces of the Intis Republic before leading the lady's
maid to a table in the corner.

Camus watched as the two of them conversed. He opened his mouth but
closed it again.

___

Trier, Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative.

Jenna was curled up on the sofa, engrossed in the novels she had just
bought, all with elements of Witches. Suddenly, Rabbit Chasel appeared
in front of her and handed her a letter.

Observing the bizarre yet adorable rabbit-shaped creature, Jenna opened
the letter and scanned its contents before asking earnestly, "Do you
wish to select your payment, or shall I choose a random book for you?"

"Lumian Lee has already settled the payment on your behalf," Rabbit
Chasel said in a deep yet sincere voice.

Witch Jenna suddenly felt a sense of foreboding.

"What has he paid?"

"He imparted shooting-related knowledge to me and guided me through the
initial stage of my practice," Rabbit Chasel raised the special revolver
in his hand, briefly aimed it at the door behind Jenna, and then swiftly
lowered it.

*Wh--- Monsieur Lumian Lee, have you considered the consequences of what
you've done?* Jenna chided, feeling a mix of irritation and
amusement.

However, the deed was done, and she was powerless to reverse it.

As these thoughts raced through her mind, Jenna's lips curved into a
sweet smile.

"The next payment will be for a genuine underarm holster. And after
that, custom-made bullets with special effects. How does that sound?"

Behind his glass glasses, Rabbit Chasel's eyes sparkled.

"Alright!"

___

In Tizamo Town, night had already fallen, and darkness shrouded the
area.

Lumian stood in Hisoka's house, glancing at the stern vice-captain of
the Port Pylos patrol team, Reaza, and the local patrol team leader,
Maslow, whose face was adorned with white paint. As though instructing
Lugano, he said, "Watch out for any accidents."

This time, he spoke in Dutanese.

"Alright." It wasn't the first time Maslow had accompanied Louis Berry,
the great adventurer, and he was already accustomed to his style.

Dressed in a sleek formal suit, Reaza remained silent, signaling that
there was no issue.

Lumian retrieved the brown Mystery Prying Glasses from his Traveler's
Bag.

Tonight, his first task was to use this magical item to observe Hisoka's
house from various angles, hoping to unveil the source of its
abnormality.

After confirming his condition and preparations, Lumian placed the brown
gold-rimmed glasses on the bridge of his nose.

A familiar wave of dizziness washed over Lumian, as if his surroundings
had been disrupted and reassembled.

He witnessed poisonous insects crawling in the "sky," two walls that
seemed to dance in circles, and an underground water puddle deep in the
soil that appeared to absorb all light.