---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2158
index: 682
section: vol4
slug: 682
title: Cull
---

## Chapter 682: Cull

Unable to control the dream anymore, Amandina opened her eyes and woke
up.

Beside her, Padre Cali snapped out of his slumber, his human form once
again becoming hazy and indistinct.

Instinctively, he transformed into a Wraith, as if losing all restraint.
Stiff black hair even sprouted from his body.

Reflected in Padre Cali's eyes was Lumian's figure---Louis Berry, with
his black hair, green eyes, and golden straw hat, holding a revolver
aimed directly at the Wraith's forehead.

*Bang!*

Lumian smiled and pulled the trigger, a golden Purifying Bullet
exploding from the muzzle and instantly heading straight for the pallor
in the Wraith's forehead.

Cull!

Simultaneously, Lumian waved his empty left hand at Padre Cali, as if to
say, "Bye, you won't be missed!"

The Purifying Bullet exploded, and golden flames instantly ignited the
ethereal Padre Cali's entire body.

Padre Cali couldn't even scream, his agonized thoughts manifesting as an
invisible gale sweeping outwards.

Lumian endured the backlash, watching with a grim smile as the enemy was
consumed by the purifying flames, reduced to scattered ashes.

Lumian felt his Reaper potion digest a little more.

Using Cull to reap a powerful foe's life was a core principle for
Reapers---the higher their Sequence and strength, the more potent the
acting effect.

With the addition of Cull, the relatively ordinary and common Purifying
Bullet ended the life of a Wraith with just two strikes.

Lumian found it inexplicably amusing to witness the true incineration of
the Padre Cali.

*Why do I always encounter fallen Eternal Blazing Sun padres and cleanse
and purify them?*

*Is this repayment for my past faith?*

As these thoughts raced through his mind, Lumian glanced at the risen
Amandina and asked with a smile, "What did he say?"

Amandina's first reaction was to check the wound on her shoulder. She
exclaimed, "It's completely healed, not a trace left?"

If it weren't for her torn clothes and sore shoulder, she would have
imagined herself to be uninjured.

*Miss Amandina, don't act as if you've never seen the world. Although
you're a believer in the Eternal Blazing Sun and won't seek treatment
from the clergyman of the Church of Earth Mother unless you are
particularly ill, there are many Feynapotterians in Matani. Haven't you
come into close contact with them?* Lumian criticized her and
looked at Amandina coldly without responding.

Lugano, on the other hand, saw the beautiful girl's reaction and
explained smugly,

"That's the power of a Doctor from the Planter pathway."

Amandina expressed her gratitude, then recounted her conversation with
Padre Cali while massaging her shoulder to relieve the lingering
sourness.

At the end, she spat at the spot where his ashes had fallen.

"He became the Demon's mouthpiece, using its power to violate Robert and
the others.

"Luckily, he preferred men. Otherwise..."

Recalling how she had frequented Saint-Sien Cathedral over the years and
had been a girl with limited knowledge, far from adulthood, Amandina
shuddered inwardly. She sympathized with Robert and the others, but she
also felt fortunate.

Lumian had another question in mind.

*Could Hisoka's Wraith abilities also originate from the Dream Festival
and the strange black tomb, rather than a direct boon from the Mother
Tree of Desire?*

That would explain a few things better.

As far as Lumian knew, when evil god believers prayed for boons, they
needed to perform a ritual and offer sacrifices. The higher the level of
the boon they prayed for, the higher the requirement for the sacrifice,
and the larger the ritual.

As a member of Port Pylos's patrol team, Hisoka could cover up one or
two sacrifices, but it was difficult to suppress all the sacrificial
incidents. It was just like how Hisoka had only completed one serial
murder case in Port Pylos.

Previously, Lumian had believed that he had relied on Mad Lady's help to
complete the sacrificial rituals in the Southern Continent's even more
chaotic places. But now, it seemed that there was no need for such
trouble. He just needed to touch the cold corpse once a year during the
Dream Festival.

*Hisoka and Padre Cali have participated in at least five Dream
Festivals and have become Wraiths for some time, but they haven't made a
breakthrough since then... Is this because the cold corpse can only
bestow a boon up to Sequence 5? Did Hisoka obtain the large amount of
gold and something from the Nois family's Demon to wait for this year's
Dream Festival to complete the corresponding matters and obtain a higher
boon?* Lumian turned to Robert, who had been dragged nearby, and
asked for confirmation, "He's a Spirit Medium?"

"Yes," Amandina replied. "Padre Cali said Robert gained powers by
touching that black boulder too. But why am I a Nightmare while he's a
Spirit Medium?"

*Higher-level, composite power... Just as the Great Mother can bestow
three different powers, Apothecary, Planter, and Villain,
respectively*... Lumian wasn't surprised by this situation at
all. Camus and Rhea were as puzzled as Amandina.

Lumian couldn't be bothered to explain this complicated and high-level
problem. He turned around and said to Rhea,

"Your dream projection should still exist. Be careful from now on. The
question now is whether the death of your dream projection will affect
your life."

Rhea nodded thoughtfully.

Lumian shifted his gaze back to Robert, recalling the Demon that had
assisted Padre Cali.

*That should be the Nois family member who established a connection with
Hisoka...*

*Demons don't do 'good deeds' for no reason. Whether it's establishing a
connection with Hisoka or responding to the Padre Cali's ritual, it must
have its own motives. Although witnessing a padre of the Eternal Blazing
Sun Church gradually degenerate should be commendable and interesting
for a Demon, this isn't a sufficient reason for its close
involvement...*

*What does it want during the Dream Festival?*

The cold corpse in the black ancient tomb can bestow a Prisoner pathway
boon, and Prisoners are adjacent to the Criminal pathway which Demons
are part of...

Lumian roughly grasped the situation and muttered to himself, "The
crucial question now is, where do the gravekeepers go during the Dream
Festival? Why aren't they protecting the black ancient tomb anymore?"

No one could answer him.

Seeing him staring at the unconscious Robert, Amandina hesitated before
saying,

"Can you let him go? He's a victim too, don't kill him."

*Am I a homicidal maniac in your eyes?* Lumian replied with
amusement, "As long as Robert doesn't seek revenge and try to kill me to
avenge Padre Cali, I won't waste my spirituality on him."

*Phew...* Amandina sighed in relief, then muttered while rubbing
her shoulder,

"You're so cold-blooded. I thought you'd kill me to deal with the padre.
That shot hurt, you know!"

Lumian scoffed.

"Between being possessed by a Wraith until you die and getting shot,
which would you have preferred?"

"I don't care what you think or the sacrifices---I made the right choice
to save you, didn't I?"

Amandina, who was just grumbling out of habit, asked with interest upon
hearing Lumian's response, "So you're willing to make big sacrifices and
make correct choices to help important people?

"If, and I mean if, my desires were inflamed by a Demon and I'd become a
monster without venting them, would you sacrifice yourself to help me?"

Lumian chuckled and said, "Don't have such unrealistic expectations of
me. But don't worry, I'll find someone else willing to make that
sacrifice for you."

His gaze swept over Camus, Lugano, and the unconscious Robert.

Amandina just muttered, "How lame..."

Camus inwardly sighed, feeling he'd escaped the beautiful dream world.

Lumian looked at Robert again and said to Amandina, "Wake him up and
talk to him. I need a favor from him."

If Robert refused, Camus, the interrogation specialist, was there to
persuade him.

"Alright," Amandina replied crisply, jolting Robert awake and informing
her fiancé of their current predicament.

She consciously omitted mentioning Padre Cali's death to maintain the
illusion that the Wraith had fled.

"Will you help if I let you go?" Robert asked warily as he struggled to
his feet.

Lumian gestured to Camus and Rhea. "You may not trust me, but do you
trust the patrol team?"

Robert fell silent for a moment before saying, "What's the favor?"

Lumian chuckled. "Go to Twanaku's house and do something for me."

___

Brieu Motel, second floor.

The man in the dark gray suit and the woman in the feathered hat heard
soft chewing sounds coming from the corridor---a stark contrast to the
shouts, cries, and moans echoing through the motel, as if it shouldn't
be happening during the Dream Festival.

Suddenly, the chewing stopped.

Almost instantly, the man in the gray suit jumped up as if stabbed in
the waist by a red-hot iron rod.

His face tense with sweat beading on his brow, he sprinted to the first
floor, traversing the entire staircase in the blink of an eye.

He ran all the way out of the Brieu Motel to the intersection before
stopping, his expression twisted with fear and lingering dread.

"What's wrong?" the woman in the light-colored dress asked, suddenly
appearing beside him with confusion and seriousness.

The man in the dark gray suit panted heavily.

"Phew, phew, phew, didn't you feel it? That terrifying malice!

"The feeling of my heart being ripped out, my tongue torn away, my brain
churned into thick soup..."