---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2182
index: 706
section: vol4
slug: 706
title: The Utility of Delicacies
---

## Chapter 706: The Utility of Delicacies

In another apartment on Rue Orosay in the Quartier de la Cathédrale
Commémorative, Lumian placed the cold Fürth fish in front of Ludwig.

Ludwig's eyes lit up when he saw the pan-fried fish in the exquisite
wooden box. He quickly turned to Lugano, who understood his meaning and
handed over a child's knife and fork he had found in the newly rented
room.

Lumian leaned back in his chair and watched as Ludwig sliced the
remaining half of the fish into pieces, chewing and swallowing the meat
along with the bones.

Without waiting for Lumian to inquire, Ludwig narrowed his eyes,
seemingly enjoying himself, and said, "The Fürth Firefish is a mutated
fish resulting from the corruption leaking from Fourth Epoch Trier. Its
breed stabilized 769 years ago and mainly resides in the Danro section
of the underground Madar River. Its meat and blood can be concocted into
a 'warm cocktail' with various sunflowers. After drinking it, one can
resist the effects of the cold to a certain extent for half an hour.

"A Fürth Firefish that has lived for over a decade is an ingredient rich
in spirituality. Using its meat, blood from a Mid-Sequence Beyonder of
the Hunter pathway, ice, and lemon juice, one can cook Ice Lemon Fish
fillets. After anyone eats them for the first time, they permanently
enjoy reduced damage from flames. Eating them later will enhance the
effect, but it only lasts for half an hour."

Lumian nodded in enlightenment. *In Franca's words, the first time it's
eaten, it adds some permanent fire resistance. The subsequent
enhancements are temporary...*

Lugano was taken aback.

*Ludwig actually knows cooking?*

*Moreover, it involves cooking with superpowers!*

*Can I help him get ingredients rich in spirituality and have him make
similar delicacies for me?*

*It seems capable of permanently enhancing some of my
abilities!*

After Ludwig finished his meal, Lumian suddenly thought of something.

Franca's ritual for advancing to the Demoness of Affliction involved
being burned at the stake---without using a substitute---for fifteen
minutes and surviving without going mad.

*If Franca eats Fürth Firefish's Ice Lemon Fish fillet to increase her
fire resistance, although the pain won't abate, her chances of surviving
the incineration will greatly increase. When the time comes, she can eat
some more temporarily before the ritual.* Lumian's thoughts
raced as he quickly made up his mind.

Today, he would head to Underground Trier to search for Fürth Firefish
that had lived for over a decade!

From his Traveler's Bag, Lumian retrieved a map of Underground Trier
reconstructed from his memories, derived from the one Gardner Martin had
once displayed. He searched for the location of the Danro section of the
Madar underground river.

As Lumian scrutinized the map, he asked Ludwig with a smile, "How do you
know the precise name of the source? Do Fürth Firefish have knowledge of
the rivers they inhabit?"

Ludwig licked his lips, unsatisfied.

"Indeed, they do. From years of fishing, humans inevitably mention the
names of rivers and specific sections. Even if Fürth Firefish don't
comprehend the meaning, they instinctively retain this information in
their corresponding cells when repeatedly exposed to it."

"Interesting." Lumian had posed the question in jest, not anticipating
such a serious response.

Pointing to himself, he inquired curiously, "Will consuming the Ice
Lemon Fish fillet reduce the burn damage I sustain?"

As a Reaper, flames inflict relatively minimal damage to him.

Ludwig picked up a minuscule remnant of the fish, no larger than a grain
of rice, from the exquisite wooden box and presented it to Lumian. "Only
this much."

Without hesitation, the boy promptly popped the morsel into his mouth.

"Well, that's better than nothing," Lumian remarked with a smile and a
sigh.

He intended to secure a special serving of Ice Lemon Fish fillet for
himself, with additional portions for Jenna, Anthony, Lugano, and
Ludwig!

To accomplish this task, Lumian proactively inquired, "How does a Fürth
Firefish that has lived for over a decade differ from its ordinary
counterparts?"

Ludwig's response sounded as if he were reciting from a textbook, "A
Fürth Firefish that has survived for more than a decade can grow to
nearly a meter in length and tends to reside in caves at the riverbed.
They rarely approach the surface but exhibit a keen sensitivity to blood
and spiritually rich food. These fish are highly aggressive and willing
to take significant risks driven by their instincts.

"Their skin has hardened, rendering them impervious to fishing spears.
Sharp teeth fill their mouths, enabling them to devour any humans who
happen to fall into the river. Additionally, their blood possesses a
distinct burning characteristic."

After attentively listening, Lumian calmly assessed the information.

Despite their longevity of over a decade, Fürth Firefish did not possess
Beyonder characteristics or acquire supernatural abilities through
boons. They belonged to a species that had undergone corruption but had
since stabilized.

If they were to continue living in such an environment for tens of
thousands of years, they might evolve into creatures with their own
intricate society, akin to the Batings Black Insect.

As he put away the map and stood up, Lumian turned to Ludwig and asked
thoughtfully before leaving,

"Apart from the permanent enhancements, does this special cooking method
involve any adverse effects, such as corruption?"

Ludwig scrutinized Lumian and remained silent. Lumian suspected that
Ludwig was internally mocking him.

For someone already deeply corrupted, the concern over a minuscule
amount of additional corruption seemed trivial.

After a brief pause, Ludwig replied, "As a child, I lack understanding
of such matters. What I do know is that if one desires to indulge in
finer and more delectable cuisine, they must be willing to accept the
associated risks. Those unwilling to take the risk can simply choose not
to partake..."

Ludwig instinctively added, "If you don't wish to eat, you can always
leave the food for me."

With a slight nod, Lumian opened the door and exited the apartment.

___

In the depths of Underground Trier, the Madar River flowed through a
tranquil, deserted, and dimly lit cave, its gentle splashing echoing in
the distance.

Emerging from the shadows, Lumian, Franca, and Jenna made their way to
the riverbank. One carried a carbide lamp, while the other two traveled
empty-handed.

Although ingredient suppliers seeking to monopolize Fürth Firefish
guarded this section of the subterranean river, it posed no significant
challenge for a Hunter and two Demonesses. Utilizing the shadows, they
deftly navigated through the patrolled area and successfully reached the
water's edge.

Raising his carbide lamp, Lumian discovered that the underground river
was not only expansive but also incredibly deep. Submerged caves lined
the riverbed, inhabited by peculiar fish.

After a quick survey, Lumian set the carbide lamp down, rolled up his
sleeves, and crouched beside the river.

Without hesitation, he plunged his right arm into the frigid water.

"Is this your preferred method of fishing?" Franca inquired, well aware
of Lumian's penchant for "fishing." However, she hadn't anticipated him
employing the same technique when his prey was, quite literally, fish.

"What alternative do I have?" Lumian chuckled. "Would you prefer I strip
down, dive into the underwater caves, and catch them with my bare
hands?"

"That's not an impossibility," Franca replied with a playful smile. "It
would provide an excellent opportunity to admire your physique."

Ignoring her comment, Lumian focused his spirituality, causing a thin
layer of white flames to emanate from his thumb.

The flames, resistant to the water's extinguishing effect, took the form
of a small knife and carefully sliced his index finger. A single drop of
blood seeped out, rapidly dispersing into the surrounding water.

The Fürth Firefish swimming in the shallows seemed to detect an ominous
presence and swiftly retreated from the area where the blood had spread.

Moments later, enormous Fürth Firefish, their skin charred and hardened,
emerged from the caves along the riverbed.

One particularly swift specimen reached Lumian's right hand in a flash,
its mouth wide open to reveal sharp, gleaming teeth. Before it could
sink its teeth into his flesh, Lumian's palm abruptly clenched into a
fist. Instead of withdrawing, he thrust his hand forward, punching
directly into the fish's gaping maw.

With a resounding bang, Lumian grasped the creature's skull and hauled
the colossal Fürth fish out of the river.

Silently, cold and sinister black flames ignited in the river,
incinerating Lumian's blood that had merged with the water.

It was Jenna.

"We can return now," Lumian declared, tossing the massive Fürth fish to
Franca.

As Franca caught the ingredient, freezing it and storing it in her
Traveler's Bag, she appeared lost in thought.

Keenly observing her demeanor, Lumian asked, "What's on your mind?"

Pointing in a specific direction, Franca responded, "I remember that
nearby, we entered a unique mirror world and acquired the classic silver
mirror that granted Anthony and me access to Fourth Epoch Trier."

"Indeed," Lumian acknowledged, gesturing for Franca to continue.

Averting her gaze, Franca expressed her thoughts, "I'm contemplating
whether we could utilize the mirror world to stage an ambush against
Moran Avigny. Specifically, I'm referring to the conventional mirror
world that interconnects all the mirrors in this world."

In the conventional sense, the mirror world functioned more akin to a
conceptual amalgamation of doors rather than a tangible realm. It served
as an intricate network of passageways linking various mirrors and
enigmatic lands. In essence, if Franca could harness the mirror world
and pinpoint the precise location, she could conceal herself behind the
mirror frequently used by Moran Avigny and launch an attack the moment
her target entered.

"What is it that you truly wish to convey?" Lumian raised his eyebrows.

Franca eagerly elaborated, "Considering that a portion of the corruption
from Fourth Epoch Trier has seeped into this area, giving rise to unique
creatures like Fürth Firefish and the extraordinary mirror world we
previously explored, is it plausible that within this vast underground
expanse, there exists a secluded corner influenced by the corruption of
a select few high-level Demoness powers over an extended period?

"Could it be possible for one to traverse through the mirror and enter
the mirror world without attaining the status of a demigod Demoness?"

After a moment of serious contemplation, Lumian replied, "It's a
possibility."

Jenna's eyes darted around as she suggested, "Could it be the location
where you discovered the special mirror? That area must have been
corrupted by the power emanating from Fourth Epoch Trier's mirror
world."

"We can investigate," Lumian said with a smile. "There's no need to
rush. If it proves unsuccessful, we can bide our time. Once Hisoka's
Beyonder characteristic is transformed into a Sealed Artifact, perhaps
we can assume the form of Wraiths and conceal ourselves within the
mirror. However, I'm uncertain whether Wraiths possess the ability to
navigate the mirror world."

"Let's prioritize the search!" Franca declared, retrieving her Mirror
World Fragment. She hoped that this item might provide some unique means
of detection.

Lumian glanced at the fragment and, after a brief contemplation, advised
seriously, "Holding the Mirror World Fragment is unlikely to yield any
benefit. Instead, take out the Primordial Demoness figurine."