---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2184
index: 708
section: vol4
slug: 708
title: Remnant Influence
---

## Chapter 708: Remnant Influence

*Is this an ordinary mirror world?* Lumian gazed at the dark,
illusory paths around him that resembled a mosquito landing on a
complicated spiderweb. For some reason, he felt a surge of fear, as if a
colossal, warped, pitch-black spider could crawl out from the depths of
this strange land at any moment and drag him and Franca into the
darkness that symbolized destruction.

"Is every illusory path connected to a mirror?" Franca's voice suddenly
echoed in Lumian's ears, so close he could hear her breathing.

Simultaneously, Lumian caught a whiff of a warm, sweet fragrance. His
blood vessels inexplicably pulsed, and his body and mind relaxed
slightly.

At some point, Franca had moved to his side, her eyes flickering as she
surveyed their surroundings.

Lumian nodded slightly. "In theory, yes."

"No!" Franca rejected her speculation. "They might also be connected to
some mysterious alternate space."

"That's right..." Lumian recalled his understanding of the mirror world.

He exhaled and took a step forward.

"I believe those situations should also be connected to mirrors, mirrors
that belong to those mysterious alternate spaces."

Without waiting for Franca's response, he pointed at the dark illusory
path ahead and said,

"Before understanding the mirror world's coordinates and location,
recklessly traversing this place is likely very dangerous. If we're
lucky, we might only end up at the wrong mirror and have no choice but
to return to the real world. If we're unlucky, we'll reach a mirror
representing a dangerous place. When we leave, we'll have to face
terrifying enemies. If we're super unlucky..."

At this point, Lumian paused.

Franca squeezed to his side and asked in a soft voice, "What happens if
we're super unlucky?"

"W-we'll vanish from this mirror world forever. We won't be seen alive,
and if we're dead, our corpses will go missing." Lumian composed himself
and took another step forward.

All of a sudden, he sensed the dark, illusory path morph into a massive
vortex, tugging him into its depths.

Franca experienced a comparable sensation, her spirituality sending her
a powerful warning.

They both stepped back in unison, evading the absorption of the fearsome
vortex.

"How treacherous," Franca sighed. "Just getting close to these illusory
paths without going further can make you plummet into an unknown mirror.
Maybe we can only count on the luck of Winners in a situation like this.
Let's hope our destination isn't too terrible. Uh, your Magnify or
Compelling Fate abilities should come in handy."

Lumian nodded.

"I initially thought the mirror world was closely tied to the spirit
world, and teleportation would work here too. But from what I can see,
while there is a connection, it's not strong enough to enable my
teleportation. It's not that I can't teleport, but it's way too risky.
There's nearly a 100% chance of getting lost.

"Without comprehending the abilities associated with the mirror world, I
don't suggest using this place to ambush Moran Avigny, unless we're
aided by a high-level Demoness or a high-level Apprentice."

Noticing Franca nod pensively, Lumian sighed in relief and intentionally
taunted, "Have you recovered?"

"Huh?" Franca was startled momentarily before her embarrassment morphed
into anger. "What other option do I have? When I use a ritual to seek
aid from the Primordial One, I'm inevitably impacted. Sometimes I'm
lured, sometimes I'm in pain, and sometimes I'm dejected, as if I've
temporarily developed a mental disorder. Sometimes I go rigid for a
while, as if I've been petrified..."

Since officially joining the Demoness Sect, the Demoness of Black had
shared extensive mysticism knowledge with Franca, particularly
concerning prayers to the Primordial Demoness.

On such topics, the Demoness of Black explained: As the ritual's host,
the ritual itself granted a degree of protection. The extent to which
she was influenced by the Primordial One's overflowing presence was
quite minimal. Once the ritual concluded, she would recover after
withstanding it for ten to twenty seconds. The only thing to watch out
for was the desires arising from their typical reaction to being
entranced by the Primordial One. Their fading would be comparatively
gradual, but what Demoness didn't have numerous lovers? There was no
need to be overly concerned about this.

The longer Franca talked, the more forceful she became, even a tad
aggrieved.

"That's a genuine deity. How can I possibly resist a genuine deity's
overflowing influence?

"If I weren't the ritual's host, I would've been unable to restrain
myself and would've unleashed my primal instincts."

Franca couldn't suppress a chuckle at the reference to her primal
nature.

Within the mirror world, she had consistently called the Primordial
Demoness the Primordial One to prevent blasphemy.

After pondering for a moment, Lumian replied, "Praying to a different
genuine deity won't lead to anything comparable unless someone present
is blasphemous."

"It's the Primordial One's fault for being in such a terrible state."
Franca had already come up with the justification. "Don't assume you can
withstand it simply because you're an Ascetic. If you had been there and
not the ritual's host, I would've witnessed your primal nature erupt."

At this juncture, she appraised Lumian and grinned.

"It's not like you didn't react. Were you worried you couldn't restrain
yourself, so you purposely exposed me and created an awkward situation?"

Subconsciously, Franca's breathing turned labored again.

Lumian scoffed.

"When I got there, the scene's lingering effects hadn't fully
dissipated, and a peculiar fragrance permeated the air. That was a
genuine deity. How could I withstand even the tiniest bit of a genuine
deity's overflowing influence?"

He echoed Franca's words.

"Really? Is it merely due to the lingering aroma?" Franca's lake-blue
eyes narrowed menacingly, as if challenged.

The aqueous light in her eyes resurfaced, glittering like shards of
sunlight.

Lumian exhaled and stepped to the side, grasping Franca's upper arm.

"I'll send you back first. Jenna is waiting for you."

"We're heading back already?" Franca asked, surprised. "Won't you
explore the mirror world further and consider how to utilize this
place?"

"I have a plan." Lumian tugged Franca away from the illusory tunnel's
spiderweb-like darkness.

As they returned to the quarry cave, Franca, her focus diverted,
inquired, "What plan?"

While Lumian tried to activate the black mark on his right shoulder, he
responded impassively, "Contract ability."

He intended to establish a contract with a Beyonder creature possessing
a mirror world traversal ability to acquire the corresponding
characteristics!

Regardless, he hadn't determined which three abilities to contract this
time. This could be one of them.

"You're right, a contract ability..." Franca was thrilled.

She then noticed Lumian was still motionless. Comprehending, she
murmured into his ear, "Didn't you want to teleport? Why haven't we
departed? Does your Spirit World Traversal activation always take this
long, or are you enduring something?"

As Franca completed her sentence, the pair vanished from the gloomy
quarry cave.

___

That evening, in Lumian's rented apartment, the nearly one-meter-long
Fürth Firefish was set on the dining table. Ludwig used a child's table
knife to break through the charred and tough fish skin, cutting the fair
fish meat into pieces.

Lumian glanced at Franca, who had donned a light-colored hunting suit,
and noticed the Demoness of Pleasure's gaze was elusive, brimming with
embarrassment.

She appeared to be lamenting: *Kill me! This is too mortifying. I don't
want to live anymore!*

Lumian, who had been feeling slightly embarrassed himself, smiled.

He mouthed to Franca, "Post-nut clarity is truly remarkable."

Despite Franca's inability to lip-read, she still sensed Lumian's
ridicule.

*Pleasure is detrimental!*

*Pleasure is detrimental!*

Irrespective of gender, when thoughts of pleasure dominate one's mind,
one will invariably engage in various actions that result in their own
ruin!

*How humiliating!*

*I don't want to live!*

In that instant, Franca longed for a crevice in the ground to conceal
herself.

Anthony, sitting silently at the dining table, glanced at Lumian, then
at Franca, before looking away.

At last, Ludwig removed the inedible parts and sliced the fish fillets
into three soup pots.

Franca sealed one of the pots with ice and stored it in her Traveler's
Bag for later use. Ludwig slid the other one to Lugano and spoke in a
childish tone, "Can we have fish fillet and clam cream broth tonight?"

"Sure," Lugano promptly agreed.

He made an effort to avert his gaze from Franca and Jenna, the two
Demonesses, believing it was disrespectful to his boss.

From his viewpoint, these two Demonesses were probably the boss's
lovers.

He couldn't help but marvel inwardly.

As expected of the boss. He really has Demonesses as his lovers, and
there are two of them!

Back then, Emperor Roselle only had one.

After adding a generous amount of lemon juice to the pot of fish
fillets, Ludwig slid them toward Lumian.

His intention was evident. He required the blood of a Mid-Sequence
Beyonder of the Hunter pathway.

"How much do you need?" Lumian inquired.

"Enough to stir it up," Ludwig replied, acting as if this was the bare
minimum.

Jenna frowned and asked, "How much does each person need to eat to gain
that permanent effect?"

Ludwig answered innocently, "Different physiques and Sequences need
different quantities. You'll only find out when you actually eat it."

Lumian raised his eyebrows and poured the rest of Gardner Martin's blood
into the soup pot.

Noticing it was still insufficient, he used a ritual silver dagger to
slice his hand and dripped 20 to 30 milliliters of blood into it.

Ludwig observed with anticipation.

"Aren't you concerned about corruption?" Lumian asked with a smirk.

Ludwig shook his head. "The quantity here isn't substantial."

Franca tried her best to act normally and remarked with amusement,
"Discussing toxicity without considering dosage is just playing the
rogue."

"Indeed." Ludwig concurred with Franca and stirred the fish slices in
the soup with a spoon.

Gradually, the tender-white fish soaked up the seemingly searing blood,
and the fish slowly started to brown.

"Add some ice," Ludwig instructed Franca and Jenna.

The two Demonesses rose in unison and extended their hands toward the
soup pot.

Drops of white frost condensed and descended like rain, noticeably
slowing the browning of the fish until it ceased.

Ludwig leaped off his chair and dashed into the kitchen, returning with
a few silver plates. He distributed seven to eight Ice Lemon Fish
fillets to each of them.

"Is that all?" Jenna asked with a surprised smile.

"If it's not enough, you can have two or three more," Ludwig replied
earnestly.

Jenna instinctively wanted to say something, but she refrained when she
saw Ludwig's childlike demeanor.

She pointed at their plates and said, "Did you request so much of
Lumian's blood just to eat such a small portion of the fish?

"Why not prepare less and save the remaining half of the pot for
tomorrow?"

Ludwig hugged the soup pot in front of him and shouted, "Mine!"

"..." Jenna suddenly felt like a witch stealing candy from a child.

*He's definitely abusing his power...* Lumian glanced at Ludwig
and shook his head in amusement. "At least you have some sense when it
comes to food."

With that, Lumian polished off all the Ice Lemon Fish fillets on his
plate.