---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2185
index: 709
section: vol4
slug: 709
title: '"Chef"'
---

## Chapter 709: "Chef"

The sour lemon flavor, tender fish texture, scorching aroma, and subtle
sweetness with hints of fish and oil burst forth in Lumian's mouth. The
taste exceeded his expectations.

He had anticipated dishes like this would be unpalatable and jarring,
similar to a potion, but he never thought they would be considered
delicious.

*When given a choice, Ludwig has a genuine preference for delicacies and
doesn't fool himself... *Lumian chewed and swallowed the seven
or eight fish slices.

A mild burning sensation spread from his throat to his stomach,
reminiscent of drinking a glass of liquor.

The sensation quickly faded, and nothing unusual happened.

"That's it? It worked?" Lumian glanced at Ludwig.

Ludwig shook his head.

"Give it another two to three minutes for your stomach to absorb it."

"So fast?" Franca asked, surprised.

She respected mysticism, but having taken potions before, she knew they
worked instantaneously. Ludwig's delicacies, however, seemed to require
digestion and absorption by the stomach, contradicting how the organ
typically functioned.

Plus, the stomach didn't absorb everything!

Ludwig responded seriously, "A Chef's creations can be rapidly absorbed
by the stomach."

*Chef...* Lumian nodded, deep in thought.

He remembered Ludwig frequently commenting on various things like a food
connoisseur.

Without further explanation, Ludwig buried his face in the soup pot
before him and polished off the remaining Ice Lemon Fish fillets.

Jenna and the others promptly finished the fish slices on their own
plates.

Two minutes later, Lumian felt his body growing warm, with a tingling
sensation in his skin and flesh.

The effect on him was minimal. It paled in comparison to drinking a
potion, let alone the pain of burning himself with flames.

Soon, Lumian returned to normal, his expression unaltered.

He glanced playfully at Franca, Jenna, and Anthony, waiting to see how
the Ice Lemon Fish fillet would affect them.

A minute later, Jenna and the others suddenly flushed, as if they had
eaten incredibly spicy food from the Feynapotter Kingdom highlands.

"Hiss..." Lugano let out a pained gasp, feeling a searing sensation in
his breath.

Originating from within his body, he couldn't have treated it even if he
wanted to.

Frost enveloped Franca's body, seemingly trying to soothe the pain in
her skin and flesh.

It was futile.

Jenna and Anthony grimaced but made no unnecessary movements. They bore
the discomfort, waiting for the Ice Lemon Fish fillet to finish
transforming their bodies.

This lasted for ten to twenty seconds before the quartet's expressions
relaxed.

"How does it feel?" Lumian asked with a smile.

Franca instinctively recalled the sensation and said, "It was like every
inch of my skin and flesh had been burned. Hmm, not quite that
intense---relatively mild..."

While speaking, she took a matchbox from her Traveler's Bag and
experimentally lit two matches. She held them to the back of her left
hand for a bit.

Franca's expression gradually contorted. She endured the pain in her
left hand momentarily before pulling it back and shaking it.

The matchbox fell to the ground.

"It still hurts!" Franca reported the experiment results to Lumian and
Jenna through gritted teeth.

Ludwig hastily replied, "It doesn't reduce pain."

"How's the wound?" Jenna asked, concerned.

Franca immediately checked the back of her left hand, seeing only slight
burn marks on her pale skin with minimal physical damage.

"It works, even though the flame temperature wasn't that high, to begin
with..." Franca's expression eased.

Across the dining table, Anthony carefully considered his words before
saying, "I think I'm a bit more irritable than usual, but within
reasonable limits."

Jenna added, "I'm grumpy too, but not drastically."

Franca and Lugano confirmed experiencing the same thing.

Swallowing the Ice Lemon Fish fillet, Ludwig explained, "That's to be
expected. Effectiveness comes with corruption."

Jenna and Franca turned to Lumian.

Lumian spread his hands, smiling. "I don't feel any different."

For him, the Ice Lemon Fish fillet's corruption was negligible.

Franca wasn't sure whether to feel envious or sympathetic. After a
moment's thought, she said, "This is like a milder version of being a
Contractee---tolerating certain negative effects in exchange for
corresponding Beyonder traits. Sure, the effects are noticeably weaker,
but the upside is it's passive. Plus, the negative effects are minimal.

"Going forward, when you get similar ingredients, you need to clarify
the permanent and negative effects. You can't just eat everything.
Choices have to be made. Otherwise, things can easily go wrong."

Lumian glanced at Ludwig and said, "That depends on the individual."

Maybe a Chef, or the Gourmet pathway, had Sequences that mitigated the
corresponding impact, akin to Alms Monks and Ascetics who were
Contractees.

Franca grasped Lumian's implication and continued excitedly,

"Dishes and concoctions without permanent effects are like various
Apothecary pathway agents.

"I've always envied Contractees. I wanted the freedom to mix and match
abilities, creating a unique character build. Now, without accepting an
evil god's boon, I finally have a chance, albeit a diluted one."

Jenna's heart raced, and the two Demonesses gazed at Ludwig, eyes
shining.

To them, he was no longer the gluttonous monster child Lumian had
described, but a Beyonder chef deserving of their care and attention.

Ludwig concentrated on eating the leftover Ice Lemon Fish fillet, not
reacting further.

___

In a quarry cave in Underground Trier.

Franca, Jenna, and Anthony stood beyond the spirituality wall, observing
Lumian conduct the ritual to acquire new contract abilities.

Having thoroughly reviewed Madam Magician's information on spirit world
entities and possessing the strange creature knowledge granted by the
boon, Lumian swiftly identified two potential contract targets with
mirror travel abilities.

The first was a spirit world being called Bloody Jack. According to the
information, in the Loen Kingdom's south, some mysticism enthusiasts and
folklore academics were playing a divination game when they spotted a
blurry figure in the mirror wielding a large axe, drenched in blood.
This figure would emerge from the mirror, assaulting and slaughtering
everyone present.

The second was the Daratra Diamond Maggots, mentioned in the
Contractee's mysticism knowledge. They could grant Mirror Traversal in
exchange for sacrificing a crystallized meteorite. The drawback was that
one's body would become denser and shorter.

Lumian undeniably wanted to summon Bloody Jack but wasn't certain if it
possessed an ability akin to Mirror Traversal.

Gazing at the three lit candles, Lumian stepped back twice and chanted
in ancient Hermes, "The Fool that doesn't belong to this era;

"You are the ruler above the gray fog;

"You are the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.

"I beseech your shelter.

"I pray for your attention.

"I!

"In the name of the great Fool, I summon:

"The peculiar creature that wanders about the unfounded, the slaughterer
hidden in the mirror, Jack from the bloody world..."

The bluish-black candle flame instantly swelled, forming an illusory
door adorned with enigmatic patterns amidst the pervasive, eerie gray
mist.

The door gradually opened, and darkness poured out, engulfing the mirror
Lumian had placed on the altar.

The mirror abruptly levitated, pointing directly at Lumian. Within, an
indistinct figure in a blood-stained old jacket dragged a massive axe.

Opening his mouth, Lumian made his throat and chest resonate as he spoke
the Mystical Language of Fate.

Silver-black words akin to symbols materialized in midair, descending
onto the faux goatskin at the altar's edge, forming a concise and
ominous contract.

Upon the contract's formation, Lumian connected with Bloody Jack,
comprehending its abilities and traits. He "listened" to its demands.

Bloody Jack possessed three mirror-related abilities and traits, which
Lumian named Mirror Mark, Mirror Concealment, and Mirror Traversal.

Mirror Marks could invisibly mark a mirror, inverted from reality, to
pinpoint a target. Mirror Concealment allowed the user to hide within
the dark tunnels, avoiding being pulled into another mirror. Mirror
Traversal enabled swift passage through the illusory tunnels.

Bloody Jack's demand was the sacrifice of 99 living humans.

Lumian pondered briefly, concluding that Mirror Mark was the optimal
choice. Locating targets was paramount, and Mirror Traversal could be
substituted with Spirit World Traversal. Rapid travel wasn't essential
when he could arrive directly.

His eyes suddenly glinted silvery-black, mirroring Bloody Jack's river
of fate.

He wasn't seeking information about Bloody Jack. Instead, under the
ritual's protection, he aimed to verify something.

After a quick observation, Lumian switched to ancient Hermes and asked
Bloody Jack, "Can I alter the request?"

He was unsure if Bloody Jack would comprehend or respond, but asking was
harmless. If not, he would have to write to Madam Magician, inquiring
about other suitable mirror entities.

Having asked, Lumian immediately employed Magnified Fate, gaining a
sharper view of Bloody Jack's fate for the next ten seconds.

Feigning nervousness, he moved his right hand as if to touch his face.

He Magnified a fate tributary!

Two to three seconds later, Bloody Jack's thoughts reached Lumian
through the connection forged by the Mystical Language of Fate.

"Pull me out of the mirror!"

Lumian raised his eyebrows and stepped forward twice, extending his
right hand toward the mirror hovering above the altar.

The moment his finger touched the glass mirror, he felt it dissolve into
nothingness.

As Lumian fully inserted his palm into the mirror, a cold, damp, and
distinctly sticky hand abruptly grasped his wrist.