---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2188
index: 712
section: vol4
slug: 712
title: '"Accusation"'
---

## Chapter 712: "Accusation"

Lumian stood beside Moran Avigny's villa, wearing a wide-brimmed round
hat and a black tweed coat. He gazed at the garden, its few withered
leaves rustling in the breeze, and said to Franca, "Keep your distance
later."

As he spoke, Lumian's eyes turned silver-black once more, allowing him
to observe the fate tributaries corresponding to Franca's future.

The tributary tainted with a faint black color was unrelated to their
upcoming infiltration. Given the current circumstances, sneaking into
Moran Avigny's villa and leaving a Mirror Mark on the full-body mirror
in his study didn't seem to pose a high risk of death.

However, Lumian knew better than to let his guard down. After using the
Eye of Calamity several times, he understood that a single black fate
tributary didn't necessarily mean there was only one hidden death
calamity lurking.

According to Franca, numerous death calamities were concealed further
along the fate tributary, too blurry for Lumian to discern or
differentiate.

In other words, even though there was presently just one faintly
black-tainted fate tributary connected to their infiltration of Moran
Avigny's villa, when Franca made her decision and tried to enter,
transforming the harmless fate tributary into the main path, a black
tributary symbolizing a deadly calamity might still emerge.

Lumian's profound realization about this was: The fate of the future was
variable and ever-evolving.

Of course, certain aspects were destined to remain constant. For
instance, death was the inevitable fate awaiting most humans.

"No need to worry, I'm not new to this," Franca assured him, confident
in her infiltration skills.

Assassin 101: Infiltration!

Without another word, Lumian activated the mark and morphed into a
shadow creature, melding into the shadows cast by the garden's plants.

Franca stepped forward and disappeared into the wind-stirred shadows.

The pair swiftly and stealthily made their way to the side of the villa.

At the same time, Moran Avigny was attending a ministerial meeting. His
wife had gone to an art salon with her lady's maid, leaving only a
handful of valets, maids, gardeners, and chefs in the villa.

The Avigny family didn't live there. Only the immediate family of the
Minister of Industry was permitted to reside in the government-provided
villa long-term. Moran Avigny's three children had either already
married and moved out or were attending university in the Quartier de la
Cathédrale Commémorative. They only returned home on weekends.

For Lumian and Franca, this was when the target location's security was
at its most vulnerable. After all, Moran Avigny was the VIP. The covert
protection detail would undoubtedly stick close to him.

Lumian emerged from the shadows in the corner and instructed Franca,

"Wait here and keep an eye out for any trouble."

"Got it!" Franca agreed without protest.

Lumian concentrated on the Demoness of Pleasure's fate tributary for a
few moments before shifting back into a shadow creature and silently
slipping into Moran Avigny's villa.

He couldn't view his own future fate, even with the aid of a mirror. His
only option was to infer his fate by watching his companions.

Franca concealed herself in the shadows and patiently waited.

It wasn't long before Lumian reached Moran Avigny's study, navigating it
as if it were his own home. He had witnessed Moran Avigny use the
full-body mirror there to access the mirror world on multiple occasions.

As for his familiarity with the layout, that was thanks to the detailed
security map provided by 007.

The winter sunlight around 4 p.m. was dim. The study was a mix of light
and darkness, evoking a strong sense of dusk. The silence had long been
a constant melody in this space.

Lumian meticulously searched the study from within the shadows but found
no traps or hidden individuals.

Only then did he revert to his human form, breaking free from the
shadows and reappearing in front of the full-body mirror.

As the black mark activated, Lumian reached out his right palm and
pressed it against the cold, hard glass.

A blood-colored handprint instantly materialized, reversed from Lumian's
right palm as if it belonged to someone else.

The inverted, sinister blood-colored palm print quickly faded, blending
into the mirror and vanishing.

Just as Lumian was about to pull his right palm back and leave, a hand
abruptly extended from the full-body mirror and seized his wrist.

The hand was a healthy white, with long, powerful fingers.

It yanked with tremendous force, catching Lumian off guard and sending
him crashing into the glass mirror.

At some point, the mirror had turned ethereal, shedding its corporeal
form. Lumian's vision went dark before illuminating to reveal numerous
dark passageways resembling a spiderweb.

In the area corresponding to the current mirror, an ordinary-looking man
stood at the edge. He raised his brass revolver, aimed it at Lumian, and
pulled the trigger.

Clad in a dark tweed suit and a half top hat, with a glass-like cufflink
fastened to his sleeve, he wore a faint smile, as if mocking Lumian for
not anticipating the possibility of Moran Avigny's bodyguard hiding in
the mirror.

*Bang!*

A bullet gleaming with ghostly green light shot towards Lumian.

Lumian's figure abruptly vanished. The bullet struck the afterimage he
left behind and flew into one of the dark, empty tunnels.

In the next instant, Lumian swiftly materialized behind the ambusher
and, without hesitation, harrumphed.

Two beams of white light shot out from his nose and struck the ambusher.

The ambusher's eyes snapped shut, and he crumpled to the ground.

Midway through, his eyes darted around and he snapped out of his daze.

Thud! He crashed to the ground, transforming his body into a shadow.

The shadows disintegrated and spread in all directions, entering various
dark tunnels.

Immediately after, the ambusher stealthily materialized in an empty
passageway, his form shrouded in faint white fog.

Lumian's figure was reflected in his misty eyes. Before Lumian could
sense it and turn to look, the ambusher spoke in a strange language that
could stir the forces of nature, "You stand guilty!"

Lumian had never encountered this language, but he clearly understood
its meaning. His body suddenly froze, as if under an invisible
restriction.

The ambusher opened his mouth again.

"You blasphemer!"

Suddenly, the entire mirror world froze, and the dark, ethereal
passageways transformed into tiny amber insects.

Once again, Lumian heard a terrifying voice that seemed to come from an
infinite distance.

Vaguely, he "saw" three figures.

The three figures sat cross-legged, one facing left, one looking
straight ahead, and the other looking right. Their hands were in
different postures.

One was heavy, one real, and one ethereal. They were in three different
states, constantly moving, changing, and interchanging around a silver
circle.

A majestic and resounding voice reverberated, causing Lumian's mind to
buzz as he lost consciousness.

Amidst the blurry, vivid pain, the dazed Lumian felt a familiar burning
sensation on his left chest. His right palm alternated between burning
and freezing.

Gradually, he regained consciousness.

In a dark tunnel that had solidified, the ambusher witnessed
silver-black warts erupting from Lumian's body, emitting sinister
patterns that resembled viscous liquid. At some point, a strange, cold
wind swept through the surroundings. Darkness squirmed in the depths of
the different tunnels, as if a monster was about to crawl out.

The ambusher's body stiffened, becoming increasingly sluggish, with a
faint white fog barely discernible within.

After an unknown period of time, the man finally survived the most
dangerous moment. He felt his body again and regained his vision and
hearing.

As Lumian's warts and patterns faded, the ambusher instinctively felt a
lingering fear.

*How did he commit blasphemy?*

*Which deity did he blaspheme against?*

*Why didn't he lose control?*

*I've never encountered such a situation before!*

The Beyonder powers possessed by the ambusher allowed him to discern the
target's crimes and "accuse" him of various charges. The damage and
effects of different crimes were completely different, and the accuser
couldn't predict them beforehand. They could only make a guess based on
their experience from previous "cases."

This was the first time the ambusher had encountered a situation where
he nearly succumbed to the overflowing influence of the deity after the
sinner was punished by a deity for blasphemy!

Fortunately, he recovered before the target.

The ambusher raised the brass revolver once more and aimed it at Lumian,
who was hunched over in pain.

Just as he pulled the trigger, Lumian's head snapped up, his expression
contorted with ferocity.

*Bang!*

A bullet shimmering with starlight shot out from the muzzle, locked onto
the target's body.

Almost simultaneously, Lumian's shadow came to life and flipped upward.

*Crack!*

The black shadow shattered like a mirror. Along with the starlight, it
caved in and was obliterated.

After briefly disappearing, Lumian materialized behind the ambusher and
harrumphed once more.

He had used Shadow Animation in time, and the shadow had triggered
Franca's Mirror Substitution!

This was why Lumian had Franca infiltrate the villa and stay outside.
Relying on Mirror Substitution required maintaining a certain distance.

It turned out his shadow could also share Mirror Substitution!

Two beams of white light shot out, causing the ambusher to close his
eyes again.

This time, Lumian didn't give the enemy a chance to quickly wake up. He
extended his right foot and blocked the enemy, preventing him from
falling.

Simultaneously, he drew his revolver and pressed it against the target's
forehead.

The ambusher's eyes darted around, and he awoke to the terrifying
pressure emanating from the muzzle.

He forced a smile, handed over his revolver, and whispered, "I'll give
this to you. Can you let me go?"

Lumian's thoughts raced as he took the revolver and nodded. "Okay."

He then holstered his revolver.

The ambusher maintained a humble and ingratiating smile as he turned
around and walked deeper into the dark tunnel.

Suddenly, Lumian heard Termiboros's magnificent voice.

*"It's best not to let him go."*

*Uh...* Lumian's eyes narrowed as he instantly sensed something
was off.

*Why did I agree to that deal just now?*

*Why would I let him go?*