---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2189
index: 713
section: vol4
slug: 713
title: Between White and Black
---

## Chapter 713: Between White and Black

Warned by Termiboros, Lumian sensed something was off.

The ambusher was slowly making his exit, as if concerned that moving too
fast would prematurely alert Lumian to the abnormality. Strangely, no
massive vortex emerged from the dark, empty tunnel's depths, stopping
the ambusher, who had already gone in, from getting pulled into another
mirror.

As he watched him go, Lumian glanced at his restored shadow, put away
the brass revolver taken from the enemy, and pulled out the Flog boxing
gloves from his Traveler's Bag. He put them on at a measured pace.

A moment later, blazing white flames engulfed Lumian's body as he
transformed into a fiery spear that hurtled towards the ambusher's back.

The ambusher's fears came to pass. He quickly evaded, ready to turn into
a shadow and escape into the dark tunnel's depths with five decoys. Then
he would trigger Mirror Traversal and get away entirely, returning to a
pre-selected mirror.

Just then, as the flames making up the burning white spear dissipated,
Lumian appeared.

The ambusher's shadow came alive, ensnaring the body that hadn't fully
transformed into a shadow, briefly keeping it from dividing into six
separate forms. It was forced to remain in place.

Lumian advanced and dashed in front of the terrified ambusher. He
alternated punches, starting the Flogging.

*Bang!*

Lumian's initial punch heightened the ambusher's fear, and the target
narrowly freed himself from his shadow's entanglement.

*Bang!*

Lumian's next punch instantly set off the enemy's already tense fear.

This wasn't chance; the ambusher's fear clearly exceeded normal levels
in this situation. Lumian, his eyes silver-black, foresaw the
corresponding future and exploited this vulnerability. Fear played out
in his mind as he punched.

Thus, the first punch worsened the situation, and the second
significantly raised the odds, successfully triggering the fear.

The ambusher went rigid, heart briefly ceasing from the detonating fear.
His mind blanked, and blood poured from his nose.

Seeing this, Lumian took out the ritual sheepskin from his Traveler's
Bag and threw it over the ambusher's head.

Right after, he spoke the activation incantation in Hermes: "Sheep!"

Amid a dark flash, the ambusher turned into a sheep with light white and
gray wool.

Lumian stared at the fearful sheep with bloodshot eyes. Removing the
Flog boxing gloves and returning them to his Traveler's Bag, he grinned
and said,

"So, you think I'll release you for a measly gun?"

Lumian then stooped down, scooped up the limp sheep, and went back to
the mirror in Moran Avigny's study, trying to exit.

Unable to enter or leave mirrors, he wasn't certain he could depart so
simply. If not, he would utilize the pre-prepared Mirror Mark and Spirit
World Traversal to go directly to the unique, permanent mirror world
exit in Underground Trier. Then he would teleport to locate Franca. This
would avert any issues behind the mirror.

Lumian's vision faded and brightened as he emerged in Moran Avigny's
study with the frightened sheep.

He rushed to the window and warily opened it. Sure enough, Franca had
exited the shadows and waited by the small windowsill.

Realizing Lumian's Mirror Substitution had shattered, Franca quickly
chose to investigate and check if her partner required aid.

You okay?" Franca whispered.

"We'll discuss it later." Lumian threw her the sheep.

Franca promptly caught the sheep and vanished into the shadows with it.

In no rush to go, Lumian donned gloves and took care of the various
traces he had left behind.

Soon, Franca returned, using the Primordial Demoness figurine, her
mirror, and Demoness black magic to handle the anti-divination and
anti-prophecy part.

___

In an abandoned tunnel close to the permanent mirror world entrance in
Underground Trier,

Franca, now fully briefed by Lumian, eyed the quivering sheep and said
eagerly, "How should we question it? Should I ready a mechanical
typewriter like last time?

"But we've run out of truth serum."

Anthony, sans gold-rimmed glasses and back in veteran garb, gazed at the
sheep for a couple seconds before responding, "I'll talk with him."

"Should we step out first?" Jenna asked out of caution.

Anthony agreed with a nod.

"I don't mind you observing, but he'll feel more at ease with less
people, facilitating communication."

*Concerned our attendance will scare him and impact the
Hypnotism?* Lumian spun around pensively and exited the sealed
dark tunnel alongside Franca and Jenna.

Soon, the sheep appeared with Anthony, no longer as scared and nervous.

"You may cancel the Animal Creation Spell," Anthony told Lumian,
smiling. "He realizes we're acting in his best interest and wishes to
assist. Provided we avoid topics that will impact his faith in a deity
and directly affect his life, he'll speak honestly and amiably."

The sheep nodded gravely, confirming Anthony's words.

Lumian faced Franca and Jenna, seeing matching emotions in their eyes.

*A Hypnotist is truly terrifying!*

*A Spectator is truly terrifying!*

*Indeed...* Lumian reflected inwardly.

Looking at the sheep, he uttered the Hermes incantation: "His Grace."

With a dark flicker, the sheepskin automatically vanished, and the
ambusher materialized before Lumian and the others, half-crouched.

Putting away the sheepskin, Lumian inquired with a smile, "What's your
name?"

"Jebus Lata," the ambusher answered nonchalantly, like talking to a
buddy.

Holding the carbide lamp, Lumian warmly asked, "Were you guarding Moran
Avigny?"

"Yes," Jebus Lata replied frankly. "Mainly to conceal myself behind the
mirror and watch the outside. Also to prevent mirror world mishaps and
ensure Moran Avigny isn't found out and ambushed when he uses it to do
specific things in various locations."

*Security is fairly tight. No clear weak points...* Franca
muttered, taking the lead in displaying her Demoness of Pleasure charm.
Grinning, she asked, "Which organization do you belong to?"

Jebus's eyes were drawn to Franca as he reflexively answered,

"The School of Truth."

"Truth?" Lumian arched an eyebrow.

Jebus didn't face him, gaze flitting between the two Demonesses.

"Yes, Truth."

Growing serious, he addressed Franca and Jenna in a proselytizing tone,
"What do you believe this world's backdrop is?

Without waiting for the Demonesses' response, he continued, "It's not
white or black. Not light or darkness.

"It's the gray between white and black, the mist between light and
darkness. It's shadows, flux, and chaos!"

Traits of the corresponding pathway? Well-versed in mysticism, Lumian
thoughtfully switched gears.

"Are you aware of Moran Avigny's identity?"

This was their top priority now.

Jebus nodded casually, as if conversing with a friend.

"I am. He's part of the Tamara family but was swapped with a Mirror
Person from Underground Trier."

"Then why collaborate with him still?" Franca probed.

Jebus chuckled.

"Didn't I just say?

"This world's backdrop isn't white or black, but gray. If cooperating
with Mirror People lets me reach my aim, why not?"

"What's the School of Truth after?" Lumian swiftly queried.

Jebus peered at Franca's face and lake-blue eyes, stating, "We seek to
leverage Moran Avigny and other elites to slowly seize control of
Intis's government, letting this nation have order yet shadows, plus a
conduit for ordered communication and shadows.

"We honor the law, but that won't stop us from uncovering legal
loopholes and employing select methods to settle matters pre-litigation.

"That's our ideology."

Jebus seemed to preach to the Demonesses.

*How ambitious...* Jenna sighed inwardly.

Smiling, Lumian asked, "Why control the government?"

"To practice and near the truth, a rite to please it," Jebus responded
fanatically. "Plus, we must use Intis's government and others to locate
three things."

"What three?" Franca inquired curiously.

Jebus gladly obliged her.

"One, clues to fallen heaven. It's in the underground ancient sealed
city. Only by controlling Intis's government can we fully unseal it."

Fallen heaven... What's that? Lumian, Franca, Jenna, and Anthony shared
looks, realizing none had heard the term.

Jebus went on, "Two, Roselle's final mausoleum."

Emperor Roselle's mausoleum? Lumian's pupils widened.

Franca asked eagerly, "Got any clues?"

"I don't know." Jebus shook his head honestly. "At minimum, I've got
zero leads on Roselle's tomb. No idea if the Overseers have found
anything."

*Overseer...* Lumian and the rest committed the title to memory.

Jebus glanced from Franca to Jenna, then back to Franca.

"Three, a lamp. The Magic Wishing Lamp."

Magic Wishing Lamp? Lumian checked Franca, seeing the Demoness of
Pleasure also looked blank.

Smiling, Jebus added with a showy air, "The Magic Wishing Lamp is a
Sealed Artifact. Its number is: 0-05!"