---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2192
index: 716
section: vol4
slug: 716
title: Bullets
---

## Chapter 716: Bullets

Jebus, who had been about to explain the meaning of "Under the Table,"
was caught off guard.

"We're putting in a lot of effort to keep the Carbonari in check and
have made considerable headway."

The School of Truth member chuckled at that.

"They're attempting to topple the government and create their own
system. That's precisely the outcome we hope to see."

Jenna thought Jebus's words didn't add up. "But don't you aim to slowly
seize control of the government through high society individuals like
Moran Avigny?"

Jebus laughed and adopted an instructive tone.

"A wise merchant wouldn't risk everything on a single venture. The same
principle applies to exceptional Ambitionists."

Hearing this, Lumian abruptly shifted the topic.

"From what you've described, Ambitionists primarily enhance their
bodies, perception, and spirituality. It doesn't appear to involve their
intellect?"

Before Jebus could reply, Franca responded with a grin.

"Who says Ambitionists require intelligence? It's not the same as being
a Conspirer. Ambitionists prioritize ambition over the capability to
actually achieve it. Exceptional intelligence isn't a prerequisite for
them. We've encountered many foolish ambitionists throughout history."

The pair's back-and-forth left Jebus speechless.

Fortunately, Lumian didn't dwell on the subject. He turned the
conversation back to the Carbonari.

"Has Albert Goncourt already sided with you?"

"Most likely," Jebus answered uncertainly. "I don't handle the
Carbonari."

"Was it because of you Brokers that the Dreamseekers charity group
formed ties with the Carbonari?" Lumian thought of General Philip.

Jebus grinned again. "Philip was a man with grand aspirations who had
long aimed to bring various secret organizations together. As Brokers,
Shadow Merchants, and Ambitionists, we definitely had to help him.
Regrettably, while his scheme was successful, others took advantage of
him. He also disappeared in the ancient underground city. Incidentally,
I'm not sure if you know, but it's actually Fourth Epoch Trier."

"You guys..." Franca had a thought but kept it to herself. She merely
sighed.

Only then did Lumian inquire about Under the Table. "What extra
capabilities do you gain at Sequence 5?"

Jebus kept his eyes fixed on the two Demonesses.

"Under the Table is the sole ability, but there are two ways to utilize
it:

"The first is to establish an unseen and tranquil Under the Table
atmosphere in combat and emergency scenarios. You can forcibly meet your
demands by offering the enemy valuable items, but you can't injure them
or impact their state in any other way. Additionally, you must behave
normally. If not, the enemy who 'agreed' to the under-the-table deal can
easily detect that something is amiss and snap out of it.

"Such Under the Table transactions aren't guaranteed to work. The
target's inclination and experience in the gray domain determine the
success rate. The Broker Sequence's Gray Perception ability can assess
this. If you're up against an Unshadowed of the Sun pathway, success is
nearly impossible even without the suppression of godhood."

Unshadowed referred to the Sun pathway's Sequence 4.

Lumian had a realization. "You previously made me release you through
such an Under the Table transaction?"

"Correct," Jebus said frankly. "You have extensive experience with the
gray domain and a strong inclination in that respect."

On Lumian's behalf, Franca complimented Jebus, saying, "You have a
talent for reading people!"

"Gray Perception may be an ability acquired as a Sequence 9 Broker, but
it's incredibly useful," Jebus bragged, seeming objective.

Jenna pressed, "And the other Under the Table transaction?"

Jebus answered with a smile, "That requires a certain amount of time.
It's not suitable for combat or emergency situations.

"In simple terms, we'll utilize a barely sealed space as the operating
target to create a genuine Under the Table scenario. We'll be on one
side of the transaction under this table. The mysterious creature or
dangerous entity concealed in the shadows and darkness will be on the
other side, but we won't know their identity beforehand. We also won't
be able to sense who the other party is during the transaction. It could
be an entity we've previously dealt with or one from the unknown.

"Essentially, in this Under the Table state, where you don't know the
counter-party or how your needs will be fulfilled through the
transaction, you can achieve the desired result by stating your request
and offering the item the other party desires. How this is accomplished
isn't relevant."

"Can the transaction only involve two parties?" Jenna asked
inquisitively.

"No, it can be a three-way deal, a four-way deal, or even more. Just
follow the Under the Table transaction rules." Jebus didn't hold back on
sharing his mysticism knowledge. "The transaction may not succeed
either. It depends on the task's difficulty and the limitations of the
provided traded items. Also, don't assume those mysterious creatures and
dangerous entities will honor their promises. There's no lack of con
artists among them who can find ways to circumvent Under the Table's
restrictions."

"Are there additional risks after using Under the Table to complete a
particularly challenging task?" Jenna thought of her Authority Holder's
Under-the-table Transaction.

Jebus nodded gravely.

"Yes, it depends on which mysterious creature or dangerous entity helped
you and if it has malicious intentions. I once had a week of misfortune
and was almost caught by the Purifiers."

Jenna nodded pensively and pondered inwardly: *It seems the Authority
Holder's Under-the-table Transaction is a variant of the standard Under
the Table ability. Instead of the counter-party making the requests,
it's us offering something valuable. However, it can only simplify
complex issues and ease difficult ones. It can't directly complete
tasks. There are significant limitations...*

*The cost of using it is encountering a transaction involving Demons and
other sinister beings...*

"What information do you have about Overseers?" Lumian posed a new
question when he noticed the Under the Table discussion was nearly over.

Jebus appeared troubled and didn't answer.

Seeing this, Lumian switched topics. "What items are you carrying?"

Jebus glanced at Franca and took out a few assorted items from his
concealed pocket.

"This is a healing agent obtained from the Great Mother's believers.
These are the Coma Gas, Awakening Gas, and Confession Concoction
acquired from the Mother Tree of Desire's followers..."

*Healing agents, sedatives, mysticism smelling salts, and truth serum.
These are all precious items...* Lumian gave a small nod at the
four metal canisters with various labels.

His gaze then moved to Jebus's other palm, where six bullets rested.

The six bullets were brass, but their surface patterns and colors
differed. One looked normal, one had a luminous tip, and one appeared to
be corroded by potent acid. One flickered with a dark green light, one
radiated a brilliant starlight, and another had a faint luster as if it
had been matted many times.

Jebus introduced them with enthusiasm, "These are the Impregnating
Bullet, Poison Bullet, Putrid Bullet, Weakening Bullet, Implosion
Bullet, and Deprivation Bullet. I traded for them from various deity
believers."

Intrigued, Franca pointed at the ordinary bullet from a distance. "Is
this the Impregnating Bullet?"

"Indeed. People and animals shot by it will inevitably become pregnant,
and the corresponding symptoms will swiftly manifest," Jebus said, a
tinge of fear in his voice.

"It affects both males and females indiscriminately?" Franca inquired.

"Yes," Jebus said with certainty.

*Huh...* Franca made a sound conveying a mix of contempt, fear,
and fascination.

Jenna asked worriedly, "It looks like a regular bullet. What if there's
a mix-up?"

Jebus shook his head.

"You won't make that mistake. It's lightweight, as if made of wood or
soil."

*Phew...* Lumian and Anthony let out a sigh of relief.

Lumian pointed at the matte bullet. "Is this the Deprivation Bullet?
What does it do?"

The effects of the other bullets seemed straightforward, but Lumian
wasn't sure about the Deprivation Bullet's purpose.

"Those struck or grazed by it will lose one Beyonder power within
fifteen minutes. As for which one, it's unpredictable," Jebus answered
honestly.

*This can complement a Fate Appropriator's abilities of designating the
Deprivation...* Lumian appraised Jebus and asked, "Do you have
any other items? As a Shadow Merchant, don't you possess any mystical
objects?"

Jebus explained embarrassedly, "I recently received the Under the Table
boon. To complete the corresponding ritual and please truth, I traded
all the items I had acquired, leaving only these.

"A merchant's rule is that you can buy and sell anything!"

*Poor slob...* Franca mocked disappointedly.

She then said to Jebus, "Give us all these items. They're the very
reason you've been repeatedly caught up in danger and deity-level
conflicts. Hand them over, and you'll be free. Once you're safe, you can
start anew."

Similar to Anthony's hypnotic words, Jebus chose to believe it and gave
everything to Franca.

After Franca stowed away the items, Lumian surveyed the area and asked,
"Where is the School of Truth's headquarters? Which Overseer do you
report to?"

Hearing these two questions, Jenna, Franca, and Anthony quietly moved to
Lumian's side.

Jebus hesitated for a few seconds and was about to respond when his
expression suddenly twisted.

Seeing this, Lumian immediately said to Franca, "Toss the figurine
over!"

Franca followed suit. She took out the Primordial Demoness's bone
figurine from her Traveler's Bag and threw it to Jebus.

At the same time, she, Anthony, and Jenna grabbed Lumian's shoulders,
arms, and other positions.

In the next instant, the four of them disappeared.

*Boom!*

Jebus exploded from the inside out, his shattered flesh merging with the
pale-white fog, transforming into a peculiar blood mist.

The blood fog slowly descended, circling the Primordial Demoness's bone
figurine before seeping into the soil.

After a few seconds, Lumian and the others teleported back.