---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2195
index: 719
section: vol4
slug: 719
title: Advancing
---

## Chapter 719: Advancing

"We were under the influence of an Under the Table transaction?" Franca
carefully reviewed the entire situation but couldn't find anything out
of the ordinary. The only thing that stood out was that the Demoness of
Black probably had a way to quickly extract Moran Avigny while he was
under the protection of an official Beyonder team. She clearly knew how
to exploit the mirror world, yet she burdened everything upon her.

Of course, her actions made sense when put into context. Even though
Moran Avigny's security detail consisted of Mid-Sequence Beyonders, this
was Trier, the capital of the Intis Republic. It was a diocese of great
importance to both the Eternal Blazing Sun Church and the God of Steam
and Machinery Church. Numerous demigods were posted there, ready to
intervene at a moment's notice. If the Demoness of Black couldn't end
the fight quickly and eliminate all witnesses, she would face severe
repercussions. Official Beyonders might even track her using specialized
Sealed Artifacts.

If something happened to her, the Demoness Sect's Trier branch would be
dealt a crippling blow. In a situation like this, it would be wiser for
her to assign a capable member of middling rank to handle the matter
while she focused on damage control. If things went south, she could
easily cut ties with Franca and her lovers.

This assumed, of course, that Moran Avigny wasn't valuable enough for
the Demoness Sect to go to great lengths to eliminate him. If he were,
the sect would have evacuated non-essential personnel beforehand and
assembled high-ranking, color-named Demonesses in Trier.

"I think there's an issue here. It's not that we shouldn't or can't
abandon the mission, but rather that we gave up far too readily and
hastily," Anthony remarked, analyzing the situation from a human
behavioral standpoint.

Franca nodded pensively and added, "Indeed. The Demoness of Black only
briefly verified the absence of hidden Beyonders behind the mirror in
question before concluding that Moran Avigny had been abandoned and
would receive no further assistance."

"That's way too rushed and convenient," Jenna commented.

After a moment's hesitation, she asked, "Was Madam Judgment affected as
well?"

"It's possible." Lumian glanced down at his chest.

Lowering his voice, he asked, "Termiboros, why weren't you impacted? Is
it because you're an Angel?"

Termiboros's imposing voice echoed within Lumian's body.

*"It's hard to say for certain. It could also be due to The Fool's seal.
While the seal does limit me, it can also serve as a safeguard under
certain circumstances."*

*Similar to Naboredisley's Abomination corpse? The Overseer's Under the
Table transaction couldn't breach Mr. Fool's seal, so it had no effect
on Termiboros?* Lumian nodded in understanding and said to
Jenna, "We need to inform Madam Judgment of our suspicions. If an Under
the Table transaction is indeed at play, she'll undoubtedly break free
of its influence and offer new guidance once alerted. If she's
unaffected, the messenger will just have to put in a bit of extra
effort.

"Got it." Jenna grasped Lumian's point. "Even though we suspect an Under
the Table transaction, we can't act recklessly right now. We still
require fresh directives from the Major Arcana cardholders."

As Franca waited for Madam Judgment's reply, she let out a sigh.

"Is something wrong?" Jenna inquired, her worry apparent.

Franca responded with a mix of sorrow and outrage, "This Under the Table
transaction was exceptionally lavish. It impacted no fewer than two
demigods. The Overseer of the School of Truth must have paid a steep
price and offered up a considerable number of precious items."

Sure, that's all true, but what's it got to do with you? Why are you so
worked up about it? Jenna blinked, struggling to grasp Franca's train of
thought.

Franca elaborated, "Once Madam Judgment apprehends or eliminates him
with our assistance, there won't be much left in terms of spoils of war
for us to divvy up.

"We might end up with another penniless target like Jebus!"

Lumian, Jenna, and Anthony were momentarily at a loss for words.

*You're already worrying about hypothetical future spoils?*

Lumian shifted the topic and turned to Franca and Jenna.

"When I posed those final two questions to Jebus, why did you two lean
in closer to me? Did you sense that something was about to go awry?"

"Naturally, it was a Demoness's intuitive premonition," Franca declared
smugly. "While I couldn't pinpoint what exactly would happen, being
nearer to you provided me with more options for dealing with potential
threats."

Jenna gave a subtle nod, indicating that she felt the same way.

Lumian faced Anthony. "What about you?"

Anthony answered honestly, "I suspected that the last two questions
would snap Jebus out of his hypnotic state. Franca and Jenna's reactions
indirectly validated my concerns.

"Given that, it seemed prudent to take cover behind you two."

"So you're using us as human shields?" Franca remarked with a wry smile.

Anthony nodded earnestly. "You two have Mirror Substitution at your
disposal."

"Fair point," Franca conceded.

After a short while, Madam Judgment's messenger delivered a response.
The message was succinct: "Proceed with your course of action."

*Does this imply that the Major Arcana cardholders will monitor the
situation? Have they consulted with Ma'am Hermit?* Lumian nodded
thoughtfully and grinned at Franca and the others.

"Let's stick to our initial plan."

"The initial plan?" Franca started, taken aback.

"Precisely," Lumian confirmed, still smiling. "Over the next several
hours, potentially even a full day, the Overseer and the other Mirror
People certainly won't be guarding Moran Avigny from behind the
full-length mirror in his study. That should be a necessary condition
for the Under the Table transaction to succeed. The Demoness of Black
has already inspected those locations, and the Overseer is unaware of
when she might do so again. He needs to allow sufficient time.

"Put another way, if we conceal ourselves within that mirror, we'll be
safe from disruption and harm."

Jenna's brow furrowed slightly.

"But doesn't the heart of the issue lie in the fact that Moran Avigny
won't be entering the full-length mirror anytime soon? How can we ambush
him..."

Jenna abruptly trailed off, as if a thought had just occurred to her.

Lumian's grin widened. "The Overseer may resort to an Under the Table
transaction, but so can we!"

"Indeed, the Authority Holder's Under-the-table Transaction!" Franca
immediately grasped Lumian's implication.

Lumian planned to harness the Authority Holder's Under-the-table
Transaction to plant the idea in Moran Avigny's mind to re-enter the
full-length mirror!

As for how an Under the Table transaction would enable such an
arrangement to work, that wasn't their concern. Even the Overseer
probably didn't know the inner workings of the Under the Table
transaction.

Under the Table dealings were, in a sense, a black box!

With Magic Mirror Divination verifying the level of risk, Lumian,
Franca, Jenna, and Anthony ventured into the enigmatic and shadowy realm
via the mirror world entrance affixed to the jutting rock.

Surveying the spiderweb-like void passageways stretching to unknown
destinations, Lumian activated the Mirror Mark contract imprinted on
him.

He then addressed Franca and the others, "I can detect the full-length
mirror and determine its precise whereabouts."

"In that case, let's make our way there immediately." Franca pulled up
her Assassin suit's hood once more and latched onto Lumian's arm.

She had already donned the Mirror Cufflink, but why squander one of its
uses when other means were available?

As soon as Jenna and Anthony grabbed hold of him again, Lumian triggered
the Spirit World Traversal mark and teleported through one of the dark,
vacant passageways to a deep, black aqueous light.

The aqueous light signified a mirror with a corresponding hazy zone
linked to myriad illusory tunnels akin to spiderwebs.

Lumian peered into the dark aqueous light and observed the scene through
the glass mirror. It was undoubtedly Moran Avigny's study.

Franca likewise recognized the target's position and breathed a sigh of
relief.

"I'll handle the Under the Table transaction."

"Allow me." Lumian smiled. "Given what transpired earlier, I might
encounter Demons even without the Authority Holder's Under-the-table
Transaction. In that case, I might as well use it freely."

He was alluding to the events surrounding Naboredisley.

"Very well." Franca yielded to Lumian's reasoning. "Then I'll cover the
cost!"

She produced 5,000 verl d'or worth of gold from her Traveler's Bag.

Lumian accepted without protest and said to Jenna and the others, "The
transaction I aim to complete is to instill in Moran Avigny the notion
of entering the full-length mirror in his study. Then, I'll employ
Compelling Fate to transform that notion into reality.

"This is far simpler than directly compelling Moran Avigny to enter the
mirror. The price will undoubtedly be lower."

"Understood." Jenna retrieved the Authority Holder's Under-the-table
Transaction from her backpack.

The small, dark wooden box still had eight uses remaining.

Lumian grasped Franca's pouch of gold coins in his right hand and
reached through the membrane-like "curtain."

He then felt five damp, wrinkled fingers. They swiftly closed around the
pouch containing the gold coins.

Lumian's expression remained neutral as he articulated his request in
Hermes.

After a brief pause, the wrinkled, moist palm returned the pouch of gold
coins.

*Wh---* Lumian glanced up and apprised Franca and the others of
the development.

Franca promptly understood. "It's demanding more money!"

Her heart sank as she produced additional banknotes and gold, but the
slightly cold, wrinkled palm kept rejecting the payment.

Lumian contributed tens of thousands of verl d'or, yet the transaction
still wouldn't go through.

"Could it be that Under the Table doesn't desire money or gold?" Jenna
recalled Jebus's insights regarding the Broker pathway.

"Perhaps it requires a mystical item?" Lumian pondered, considering what
he could offer.

Franca deliberated for a moment before suggesting, "What about the Blood
Gold ring? It has considerable drawbacks, and we've hardly used it."

The Blood Gold ring had come from Mad Lady and corresponded to some of
the capabilities of a Sequence 6 Rose Bishop of the Secrets Suppliant
pathway.

The four of them conferred for a while before deciding to attempt the
transaction with the Blood Gold ring.

The moment the Blood Gold ring touched Under the Table, the five fingers
of the palm clenched firmly and withdrew, taking the ring with them.

This indicated that the deal had been finalized.

*Phew...* Lumian exhaled in relief and remarked, "I'm curious to
see how the Under the Table transaction will unfold..."

Franca pressed a hand to her chest and prayed to Mr. Fool, "Please don't
let us run into any swindlers. Praise The Fool!"