---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2197
index: 721
section: vol4
slug: 721
title: Exhausting the Substitutes
---

## Chapter 721: Exhausting the Substitutes

A Demoness of Pleasure didn't possess an innately proactive charm, but
she could maximize her allure to irresistible levels. Even under normal
circumstances, her magnetism could make most men unable to shift their
gazes away, their breathing growing labored as their minds raced with
desire. Moran Avigny had certainly never been an Ascetic, and his lust
was already inflamed by Beatrice's Necklace.

His focus was solely locked on Franca now, imagination running wild with
tantalizing possibilities of what might happen next.

Heart pounding, blood surging, his movements were affected---swift but
erratic.

A dawn-like glow emanated from Moran's body, marking Franca as the
target of his righteous punishment. This enhanced his influence and
offensive power against the tempting demoness.

As he selected her for punishment, Moran seemed to grow taller in
Franca's eyes, striking fear into her heart. She sensed he was a
formidable figure who could end her existence with a mere thought.

She broke invisibility and tried to quickly shift positions.

Seizing the opportunity, Moran thrust out his right hand, breathing hot
and heavy, and spoke an ancient Hermes incantation: "Imprison!"

Viscous amber liquid surged forth, enveloping Franca and freezing the
demoness in place within a colossal transparent prison.

*Crack!*

Franca's form shattered, transforming into a palm-sized makeup mirror.

This allowed her to escape the Disciplinary Paladin's Imprison.

Suddenly, powerful danger premonition gripped Moran. Straining his
enhanced physique, he broke free of the intangible spider silk ensnaring
him and dove to the side.

Jenna's ice spike wreathed in unholy black flames narrowly missed its
mark as she struck with all her might from the diagonal flank.

Moran's eyes flicked to the Witch in her dark dress and bonnet. He
couldn't help but think she was quite appealing too.

*Why not have both?*

Dropping to one knee, Moran reached out towards Jenna and bellowed
another Hermes invocation: "Confinement!"

Wordlessly, an immaterial wall materialized around Jenna, impenetrable
even to her Spirit Body.

Rather than adhering directly to her, it generated a transparent cell
with her at its center, thwarting any attempt at Mirror Substitution.

Taking note of this, Jenna opted not to strike the unseen barrier.
Instead, she enveloped herself in a layer of frost.

Beyond the frost was another layer of frost---a delicate vacuum formed,
transforming Jenna into a frozen statue.

"Confinement!"

Moran Avigny didn't immediately press his advantage against Jenna. His
bloodshot eyes fixed on Franca as he confined the space surrounding the
Demoness of Pleasure.

Franca remained unresponsive as black flames surged forth from her form.

Outside the black blaze, strata of frost coalesced, fashioning a
translucent, sturdy sarcophagus.

Transparent spider silk wound around her, cocooning the frost in
spirals.

*Wh---* Moran Avigny, though perplexed by the Demoness of
Pleasure's peculiar behavior, took satisfaction in the success of his
Confinement, circumventing the effects of Mirror Substitution.

His movements somewhat warped, he lunged at Franca. His mind raced with
the powers he would unleash next and the consequences of bringing her
under his control.

He had almost forgotten the presence of the Spectator, but Anthony had
slipped into a blind spot.

*No matter, I'll subdue the two Demonesses first!* The instant
this notion crossed Moran Avigny's mind, a faintly piercing melody
abruptly resounded in his ears.

Lumian stepped out from the corner shadows, the black Symphony of Hatred
bone flute at his lips.

Prohibition of Invisibility hadn't compelled him to reveal himself, as
he wasn't invisible to begin with. He had merely shape-shifted into a
shadow being, blending with the shadows!

Lumian studied Moran Avigny's face, twisted by desire. Approaching with
a grin, he played the melody with intensified vigor.

Given Moran Avigny's state, he was certain the Symphony of Hatred's
exploitation of vulnerabilities would undeniably inflame the other's
cravings. Employing his Fate Appropriator's abilities in tandem was
unnecessary.

Amid the lively, cutting music, Moran Avigny's body abruptly went rigid.

With a cracking noise, he invoked Mirror Substitution to endure the
nearly lethal assault on his behalf.

Moran Avigny's silhouette manifested behind Lumian, but Lumian's
performance persisted, and the nigh-explosive lust gripping Moran Avigny
remained unabated.

*Crack! Crack! Crack!*

Moran Avigny's form repeatedly fractured like a mirror, rematerializing
in the ever-quickening melody. He couldn't flee the vicinity, nor could
he spare a moment to obstruct his hearing.

The captivating strains of the Symphony of Hatred permeated every nook
of the space behind the mirror.

Anthony crouched in a corner, employing a prop he had readied beforehand
to shield his ears. He was set to bank on the mirror to induce a trance
and plunge into deep sleep, thus evading Lumian's lethal melody that
spared neither friend nor foe.

Despite his preparations, grayish-white dragon scales involuntarily
surfaced on his skin.

*Crack! Crack!* Moran Avigny's Mirror Substitution had at last
been exhausted.

His mind reeled, and he experienced overwhelming pleasure, a surge of
euphoria.

His frame shuddered with pain and rapture.

Blood seeped from his nostrils, eyes, ears, and mouth. His saliva,
mucus, and tears streamed all at once, as though he teetered on the
brink of collapse.

Lumian appeared behind him, lowered the Symphony of Hatred, and snorted.

Twin beams of white light struck Moran Avigny, plunging the Disciplinary
Paladin into unconsciousness.

Lumian afforded Moran Avigny no opportunity to harness his unique powers
to rouse himself. He produced a ritualistic dog skin from his Traveler's
Bag and draped it over the gradually crumpling foe's head.

"Dog!" Lumian declared in Hermes.

With a shadowy flash, Moran Avigny vanished, supplanted by an enormous
dog with tawny fur.

Amid the intangible thud of the dog collapsing to the ground, it lay
insensible on its flank.

Lumian smiled, stooped down, and scooped up the dog.

Witnessing this, Anthony dislodged the gag that had wholly covered his
ears, and Jenna shed the dual layers of frost encasing her.

Franca lagged slightly. After a handful of seconds, the cocoon ruptured,
and the ice coffin noiselessly dissipated, prompting the black flames to
disperse.

She regarded Lumian and Jenna with astonishment and delight, stating,
"My Pleasure potion underwent substantial digestion!"

No sooner had she concluded her statement than she pinched her nose and
surveyed the spot where Moran Avigny had stood and the massive dog
cradled in Lumian's arms.

"I know what's going on... He must have just savored genuine
pleasure---utmost pleasure. Moreover, this 'pleasure' stemmed from me."

Lumian deliberated momentarily before replying, "He even staked his life
to remain in pursuit of the pleasure you bestowed upon him, weathering
the same excruciating agony. Ultimately, he attained the pleasure he
coveted, albeit not in the manner he desired. He paid the steepest price
for it."

"He's also a Beyonder on par with Sequence 5," Franca remarked with a
wistful smile. "Regrettably, I wasn't the one wielding the Symphony of
Hatred; otherwise, my Pleasure potion might have been fully digested.
Pleasure begets pain, and pleasure lures people into depravity. Pleasure
is akin to a candle flame to a moth..."

At this juncture, she lowered her voice and mumbled in an unfamiliar
tongue, "Lust is a dangerous game..."

Franca harbored no excessive regrets. Among them, only Lumian could
shoulder the adverse cost of the Symphony of Hatred.

Anthony scanned the environs and serenely prompted Franca, "Since we've
succeeded, let's leave quickly."

Jenna had already drawn near to Lumian, who had likewise stowed away the
Symphony of Hatred.

"Okay." Franca nodded and took several paces to Lumian's side, grasping
his upper arm.

Concurrently, black flames ignited behind the mirror.

Within seconds, the quartet emerged from the fixed portal to the mirror
world in the quarry cave. Franca finalized the anti-divination and
anti-prophecy measures.

Subsequently, they teleported back to the secured residence in the
administrative district.

Franca sighed. "Beatrice's Necklace can no longer trigger Lust..."

Beatrice's Necklace could only trigger such desires twice. The inaugural
target of Lust was Gardner Martin.

For Demoness Franca, this signified the loss of a potent auxiliary
means.

Jenna nodded slightly. "How unfortunate. It appears the Demoness of
Pleasure and the Sex Addict of the Mother Tree of Desire pathway can
forge an ideal and efficacious partnership."

"Indeed. Unfortunately, I cannot obtain the Mother Tree of Desire's
boon. Otherwise..." Franca abruptly fell silent, and an identical phrase
flitted through the minds of Lumian and the others: *Sex Addict
Demoness!*

Clearing her throat twice, Franca said, "I can only hope that the
bestowed of the Mother Tree of Desire will bestow comparable props."

She turned to the enfeebled dog, who had yet to stir, and contemplated
briefly before proposing, "Administer truth serum to him first, then
have Anthony befriend him as a two-pronged approach? Yes, employ the
Magic Mirror Spirit Channeling Spell as a precautionary step..."

Lumian nodded, recollecting the "criticism" the Demoness of Black had
leveled at Franca. Quelling his avarice, he said, "No need to rush. I'll
question him after visiting Mr. K. Mr. K must have his motives for
abruptly targeting Moran Avigny for assassination. Only by consulting
him can we extract more pertinent intelligence later."

Franca and the others nodded in concurrence. "Agreed."

___

19 Rue Scheer, Psychic Magazine headquarters.

Lumian alighted from the carriage, attired in a light-blue cotton shirt
following a change of clothing, and entered the six-story white
luxurious residence.