---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2198
index: 722
section: vol4
slug: 722
title: He Knows
---

## Chapter 722: He Knows

In the basement of 19 Rue Scheer, Lumian encountered Mr. K.

If he hadn't witnessed Mr. K transform into flesh and blood to envelop
Moran Avigny and subsequently suffer holy light damage from the
Purifiers, Lumian wouldn't have believed that the energetic,
black-hooded man before him had recently infiltrated the Intis
Republic's Minister of Industry's residence and carried out an
assassination.

"You're back from the Southern Continent?" Mr. K's voice was as deep and
raspy as ever.

Instead of sitting in the red armchair, he stood directly in front of
Lumian, in the shadows projected by the crystal chandelier.

Lumian didn't hide anything and smiled. "I'm back to do a favor for a
friend. I'll be leaving again in the future. As you know, I can
teleport."

Mr. K's expansive hood swayed gently, as if nodding.

He said with relief, "The fact that you still remember to come here and
praise the Lord's glory after returning to Trier proves I didn't
misjudge you."

Lumian, having just completed the prayer process with Mr. K, felt guilty
and ashamed.

He cut to the chase.

"I saw you assassinate Moran Avigny."

Under his hood, Mr. K's gaze suddenly took on a tangible quality, and
the shadows around him flickered.

After a few seconds, the Aurora Order Oracle asked in a hoarse voice,
"You were there?"

Lumian maintained a relaxed demeanor as he replied, "Yes. Your
assassination method bore the hallmarks of a Rose Bishop and was
suspected of using Grazing to teleport. Even with just the Purifiers'
information, it wouldn't be hard for me to guess it was you. But I
admit, I was indeed present."

"Where were you hiding?" Mr. K inquired.

Lumian replied with a smile, "In the mirror Moran Avigny fled into."

At this, Mr. K's black robe fluttered despite the still air, as if
countless flesh and blood were cheering beneath.

Unable to hide his excitement, he asked, "And now? Have you captured
Moran Avigny?"

"Yes." Lumian nodded solemnly.

"Hahaha! Hahaha!" Mr. K half-raised his body, revealing his thin chin,
and erupted into maniacal laughter.

His laughter made Lumian's ears ring. Light and shadows danced in the
basement, the stench of blood permeating the air.

Finally, Mr. K stopped laughing and spoke with unnerving fanaticism,

"Just as the Lord arranged. Piousness is indeed the only way out!"

He began tracing a cross on his chest.

"Praise you for creating all. Praise you for bearing the world's sins!"

Lumian also praised the Aurora Order's True Creator.

Mr. K smiled and sighed.

"I had planned to assassinate Moran Avigny in the coming days, but
hadn't set a date. However, when I saw him at the window this evening,
gazing at the distant scenery, I sensed something off about his
emotional state.

"Fearing something might go wrong, I hastily launched the operation and
failed.

"I was about to repent to the Lord and shoulder my sins when you arrived
and told me you had captured Moran Avigny.

"What does this signify?

"It means the Lord has prearranged everything. We need only pray, act,
and do things with devotion. Nothing else matters.

"With piousness, failure is a stepping stone to success. Without it,
even success leads to failure."

In previous conversations with Mr. K, Lumian had always felt a language
barrier. He understood the words but couldn't truly grasp the fanatical
state.

But this time, his heart raced and a chill ran down his spine.

*Could the Under the Table transaction I initiated through the Authority
Holder's Under-the-table Transaction be connected to the Aurora Order's
Lord?*

*Is that why Moran Avigny suddenly risked leaving through the study
mirror? Why he came to the study to assess the environment, weighing the
risks as he feigned reading...*

*So, after I compelled Moran Avigny's fate, Mr. K hurried to the study
to assassinate him, forcing him to flee to the nearest mirror---the
full-body one we hid in...*

*During the transaction, we paid with the Blood Gold ring, derived from
the Beyonder characteristic of a Sequence 6 Rose Bishop of the Secrets
Suppliant pathway...*

Lumian chose to share his feelings with Mr. K but concealed his fear and
the power of Compelling Fate. He attributed all the developments to the
Authority Holder's Under-the-table Transaction.

Despite his frenzied laughter, Mr. K remained composed. Solemnly and
fanatically, he said, "The Lord watches, the Lord listens, and the Lord
knows."

Lumian had heard Madam Magician say similar words before but hadn't felt
their weight. He hadn't even been troubled, knowing it was futile. But
now, every hair on his body stood on end, a chill running down his
spine.

He sensed eyes watching him from every shadow.

The more he experienced and learned, the more acutely he felt the terror
and oppression of those three short sentences.

After a few seconds, Lumian praised the True Creator again and asked,
"Mr. K, why did you assassinate Moran Avigny? My friends and I dealt
with him because the real Moran Avigny is dead. The active one is a
Mirror Person. What about you?"

"Mirror Person? No wonder he has Mirror Substitution. That's precisely
what I didn't anticipate---causing the assassination to fail," Mr. K
sighed with realization.

Pacing back and forth, he told Lumian,

"Recent cases in Intis have led to an organization called the School of
Truth. They used degenerates from cults and official organizations to
achieve certain goals. For example, a descendant of Poli vanished
mysteriously, and closely monitored pages from Roselle's diary
disappeared."

*Poli? One of Emperor Roselle's Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse? A
descendant of his has vanished?* Lumian's eyelids twitched at
the thought.

Jebus Lata had mentioned the School of Truth's three goals: finding
clues about the fallen heaven, Emperor Roselle's final mausoleum, and
0-05, the Magic Wishing Lamp.

The Fourth Epoch Trier's seal had just been breached. For now, Intis's
official organizations were unlikely to overlook anything. As for 0-05,
Emperor Roselle's eldest daughter Bernadette held it. The School of
Truth admitted they couldn't handle the Element Dawn leader yet. They
wanted more boons before trying.

In other words, two of the three targets required long-term planning
from the School of Truth. That left clues about Emperor Roselle's final
mausoleum. Jebus mentioned having no relevant clues himself. Whether the
Overseer did was uncertain.

Combined with Mr. K's account, Lumian had a bad feeling.

*Could the School of Truth already possess crucial clues about Emperor
Roselle's final mausoleum?*

Mr. K continued, "We're investigating these matters, as is Element Dawn.

"We recently discovered Moran Avigny's involvement in some cases. He
seemed to be a key figure in the School of Truth."

"Then why assassinate him instead of capturing him?" Lumian felt Mr. K's
previous actions aimed to kill Moran Avigny.

Mr. K chuckled raspily.

"Killing him is simpler than capture. And after his death, an
abnormality will undoubtedly occur. The official Beyonders will find a
way to communicate with his spirit. Then, the authorities will
investigate the School of Truth to thwart their plan.

"Isn't that our goal?

"Plus, we can shadow the authorities to track down School of Truth
members."

*You, an Aurora Order Oracle, have also learned to "report" and exploit
the authorities?* Lumian found it amusing.

If not for needing more information about the Mirror People, he, Franca,
and the others could have simply forced Moran Avigny to show signs of
abnormality, avoiding so much trouble.

Lumian delved into more details with Mr. K, increasingly sensing the
School of Truth was close to locating Emperor Roselle's final mausoleum.

Without delay, he expressed his urgency to return and interrogate Moran
Avigny to prevent mishaps.

"Do you need my help?" Mr. K inquired.

Lumian responded with a smile, "Not for now. We have a Hypnotist, the
Bliss Society's truth serum, and a Demoness skilled in spirit
channeling."

He didn't mention also having Fate Appropriator abilities.

During Fate Appropriation, Lumian could "see" all of Moran Avigny's past
and present fates, and most fate tributaries. But the duration was
limited, only allowing extraction of the most pertinent information.

"Alright, let me know if you need anything." Mr. K sized up Lumian with
admiration.

___

Finding a secluded spot to teleport back to the safe house, Lumian
surveyed the area and said to Franca, "Use Mirror Cufflink's ability to
take us back to the underground quarry cave."

This would prevent accidents from affecting the neighborhood.

Lumian had already teleported multiple times that day and even altered
Moran Avigny's fate. Previously, he had played the Symphony of Hatred
and triggered a series of weakness assaults. The immense expenditure
left him with spirituality for only seven to eight more teleports and no
further accumulation.

In this situation, using Beyonder items when possible was only natural.

Understanding Lumian's state, Franca didn't hold back on the Mirror
Cufflink's charges. She only asked Lumian to carry the colossal dog and
keep it from touching her.

She then made the glass cufflink on her blouse glow, leading Lumian and
the others into the room's mirror. Through the dark, empty tunnel, they
appeared in the quarry cave with a fixed entrance to the mirror world.

Franca took out the truth serum and tossed it to Anthony Reid with a
friendly smile. "Feed some to Moran Avigny and have a good chat with
him."