---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2200
index: 724
section: vol4
slug: 724
title: Leader
---

## Chapter 724: Leader

The Purifier team from Saint Viève Cathedral soon arrived at Moran
Avigny's study, carrying a nearly sealed wooden box.

They each wore white robes adorned with waxed golden threads, thin
rubber gloves, and leather hoods. Their masks curved downward, forming a
bird's beak in front of their mouths and noses.

Angoulême signaled the other Purifiers to withdraw from this floor and
clear the adjacent ones. Donning a bird-beak mask and similar attire
himself, he tightly bandaged his wrists and ankles.

Peering through the red glass lenses of his mask, Angoulême watched his
colleagues open the wooden box.

Mirrors of the perfect size lined the inner layer of the box on all
sides---top, bottom, left, right, front, and back.

In the center, surrounded by the mirrors, stood a milky-white stone
statue half the height of a person. It portrayed a beautiful half-naked
woman, her dress torn away to the waist.

Despite the female figurine's broken arm, her other hand alluringly
covered her navel. Her captivating figure and exquisite facial features
stirred an inexplicable heat within Angoulême. A sudden urge to kiss
"her" flooded his mind, a desire for an intimate encounter with the
stone statue.

Not daring to breathe deeply, he forced himself to maintain control.

He recognized this as a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact under the Trier diocese,
serial number 82, known as the Ullamos Statue.

This Grade 1 Sealed Artifact could gradually entice nearby creatures to
obsess over it, spreading various illnesses, some common and others
mystical in nature.

Left unchecked, the statue's influence would transform its surroundings
into a nightmarish landscape of agony---living beings wailing, writhing,
and perishing in horrifying ways. The relentless plague would expand,
unleashing a widening catastrophe.

Angoulême had requested 1-82 for its ability to guide other creatures
into the mirror world. Strictly controlling exposure time was crucial to
prevent the spread of illness and obsession.

The two Purifiers gently lifted the Ullamos Statue and carried it to the
full-body mirror in the study.

Angoulême and his two other teammates approached, placing their palms on
1-82's shoulders.

In perfect synchronicity, they magically phased through the glass
mirror, vanishing from Moran Avigny's study.

As soon as Angoulême laid eyes on the dark, hazy, almost illusory space
behind the mirror, a tickle in his throat urged him to cough.

"Sigh..." A soft exhalation escaped his lips.

Their attire couldn't isolate the disease spread by the Ullamos
Statue...

Its sole purpose was to minimize the rate at which they succumbed to
genuine infection!

Weakened yet inexplicably excited, Angoulême and his teammates
investigated the area behind the mirror. They quickly discovered
numerous dim mirror fragments scattered about.

"A battle took place here. Moran Avigny had to use Mirror Substitution
multiple times, but there's no sign of blood, bodily fluids, hair, or
any other traces," one of the Purifiers concluded.

Angoulême's heart raced as he speculated. *A battle? Someone ambushed
Moran Avigny in the mirror?*

*Impressive, Hidden Blade!*

"It seems Moran Avigny couldn't escape right away and multiple Mirror
Substitutions were shattered. There's a high chance he was captured,"
Angoulême analyzed seriously before pivoting to misdirection. "I see.
The Aurora Order never expected the assassination to succeed. The
assassin's only objective was to drive Moran Avigny into this mirror,
where the rest of the Aurora Order awaited him!"

The other Purifiers concurred with this theory, nodding in agreement.

"Definitely the Aurora Order."

"They even utilized a potent item capable of accessing the mirror world
to confront Moran Avigny."

"The absence of gruesome scenes suggests the Aurora Order aimed to
capture Moran Avigny alive and extract vital information."

"Over the past five to six years, the Aurora Order has grown more
intelligent..."

Following a short discussion, one of the Purifiers glanced back at the
Ullamos Statue at the entrance and gulped.

"We need to leave now. Return 1-82 to the mirror box. I can't endure it
any longer."

Angoulême agreed.

Back in the real world, they sealed 1-82 once more and removed their
cumbersome attire. At last, he sighed with relief, feeling utterly
exhausted in both body and mind.

___

Inside the quarry cave with a stable mirror world entrance,illuminated
by the carbide lamp under the Eye of Calamity's gaze, Moran Avigny
smiled as he answered Lumian's question,

"Also through a mirror."

While speaking, he retrieved a makeup mirror from his pocket and
elaborated, "Every mirror in the mirror world is unique, each with its
own corresponding coordinates. I provided him with my mirror's
coordinates, and he reciprocated with the coordinates of a mirror on his
side. With this arrangement, I can harness my abilities and the mirror
world to transmit information to his mirror for a set duration. He
contacts me in the same manner but relies on the Beyonder item I gave
him."

"An IP address, I suppose..." Franca muttered in a language unfamiliar
to anyone present.

Lumian smiled warmly and inquired, "Would you be willing to share the
Overseer's mirror coordinates with us?"

Moran Avigny shook his head.

"It's indescribable and impossible to write down. Only those like us
from the mirror world can perceive it. Or Demonesses with
godhood---Demonesses of Despair."

*Sequence 4 Demoness of Despair? And Sequence 5 is Demoness of
Affliction... These two Sequences sound unpleasant. Uncomfortable to
act, but the subsequent Demoness of Unaging is quite
impressive...* Franca gleaned information about the Demoness
pathway from Moran Avigny's words.

"How can the Overseer perceive it then?" Jenna asked.

Moran Avigny smiled.

"He can't perceive it either, but his Beyonder item can record and use
it."

Franca smiled and raised her sleeve, revealing the glass-like Mirror
Cufflink.

Taken aback, Moran Avigny's expression shifted to one of relief.

"You're the ones who killed Jebus."

"The Overseer killed him," Lumian clarified sincerely. "We had no
intention of killing him. We even wanted to befriend him, but the
Overseer used a mysterious power from afar to end his life. I fear you
may suffer the same fate."

Moran Avigny fell silent for a few moments before stating, "It can
record it."

He referred to the Mirror Cufflink's ability to record the Overseer
mirror's coordinates.

Franca wasn't surprised at all. "I knew it would work."

When she had used the Mirror Cufflink earlier, she realized the mirrors
in the mirror world gave her a crystal-clear sense of the mirror world's
entrances in the vicinity. There was the full-body mirror in Moran
Avigny's study and a few other unknown mirrors.

Franca suspected the Mirror Cufflink would instinctively record the
corresponding coordinates of each mirror.

Moran Avigny continued, "You won't be able to find the Overseer directly
through that mirror. I've long suspected the mirror is actually with one
of the Overseer's subordinates. Naturally, that subordinate must be very
close to the Overseer. Otherwise, it would hinder the transmission of
information."

*Just like many members of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society,
the contact points reserved for Madame Hela's messenger are isolated
from their real lives...* Lumian nodded slightly and said,
"That's not an issue. We can visit them one by one, as long as they're
truly close. Can you provide us with those coordinates?"

Moran Avigny fell silent. The effects of hypnosis and truth serum
battled fiercely against his resolve.

This was a Disciplinary Paladin's principle and corresponding
restrictions.

Observing the shifts in his fate tributary, Lumian smiled and said, "You
can think it over. Let's discuss something else first."

Having witnessed Moran Avigny's potential loss of control, he intended
to inquire about other information. If the other party refused to
divulge it later, he would kill him before channeling his spirit!

"Very well." Moran Avigny let out a lengthy sigh.

Lumian pondered briefly and asked,

"What deals did the Overseer make with you?"

Moran Avigny responded nonchalantly, "Primarily providing assistance to
certain individuals. In turn, I received help through the Overseer.
Consequently, we elevated our political status and acquired more
resources.

"This is a common practice among politicians, but with the Overseer,
it's even more covert, less detectable, and effective.

"Additionally, protecting specific individuals or indirectly granting
benefits to non-high society members to fulfill the requirements on the
other side of the Overseer's Under the Table transaction."

Lumian considered for a moment and asked, "Didn't that Overseer
communicate with the leader of your Mirror People?"

Unsure if the Mirror People had a de facto leader, he said this to
deceive Moran Avigny, implying they already possessed important
information.

If the Mirror People truly lacked a de facto leader, Moran Avigny would
see through the deception. With the truth serum and hypnosis, this
wouldn't affect his subsequent answers.

Moran Avigny's expression shifted slightly. "He did communicate with our
leader."

"How did they communicate?" Lumian asked calmly.

"Through a provided ritual. I don't know what was exchanged as I wasn't
present," Moran Avigny replied honestly.

Franca asked curiously, "Is your leader in the real world or the mirror
world of Fourth Epoch Trier?"

"In Fourth Epoch Trier," Moran Avigny said with a sigh. "Mirror People
with powerful godhood can't escape through certain catastrophes via the
leakage point."

Franca pondered for a moment and asked, "Does your leader have a
corresponding self in reality?"

"Yes." Moran Avigny smiled. "You'll never guess who it is."