---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2202
index: 726
section: vol4
slug: 726
title: Fragment of Fate
---

## Chapter 726: Fragment of Fate

*Roselle Gustav in the mirror?*

When Franca, Jenna, and Anthony heard that the name of this dazzling
figure, revered by every Intisian, was connected to the Mirror People,
their minds went completely blank.

They instinctively wanted to question him further, but Moran Avigny's
reaction and change in expression appeared to validate Lumian's
conjecture.

"But the Emperor has been dead for over a century. How can there still
be a corresponding Mirror Person?" Franca asked, finally composing
herself.

It made sense that Emperor Roselle would have encountered Trier's
underground corruption. He had, after all, lived in Trier for an
extended period after reaching adulthood, and he was not one to easily
settle down. He had seized control of Intis, reformed Trier, expanded
the city, and initiated the patriotic health campaign, but hadn't he
already met his end?

Lumian's serious expression softened a bit.

"Initially, I hesitated to make that guess, but then I recalled
something. For someone of Emperor Roselle's stature, even if they
perish, they might not be completely gone. There could even be a
possibility of resurrection."

It was just like Naboredisley's Abomination corpse resting in the
ancient tomb of the Dream Festival.

Franca made an odd remark. "Old institutions are hard to get rid of..."

With their experience dealing with the Devil Monarch's Abomination
corpse, Franca, Jenna, and Anthony quickly accepted Lumian's
explanation.

Lumian looked at Moran Avigny, whose face had turned ashen, and smiled.

"I made a bold hypothesis and meticulously verified it. When I shared my
guess with him, he willingly confirmed it."

Moran Avigny's lips trembled, wanting to defend himself, but he held
back.

He believed that the more he tried to explain, the more he would end up
helping these people.

His urge to confide led him to add, "Now, do you understand that our
Mirror People are also incredibly powerful?

"If we can fully break the seal of Fourth Epoch Trier, we will be as
strong as any orthodox Church!"

Franca disregarded Moran Avigny's showy remark and muttered to herself,
"No wonder the Church's demigods refuse to personally go underground and
resolve the various abnormalities here unless the seal of Fourth Epoch
Trier is badly damaged.

"This isn't about fixing abnormalities. It's about making more of them!"

Even though the demigods of the Eternal Blazing Sun Church didn't have
to fear the birth of their corresponding Mirror People, Trier's
underground corruption extended beyond just the mirror world!

*Isn't the underground of Trier excessively vile and
horrifying?*

*This was assuming that Fourth Epoch Trier was relatively well-sealed.
What had the four Emperors, particularly Blood Emperor Alista Tudor,
done during the War of the Four Emperors? The issues they left behind
more than a thousand years ago were still incredibly
terrifying!*

*We often venture into Trier's underground and have even entered Fourth
Epoch Trier and the unique mirror world. Could there be a corresponding
special Mirror Person?*

*No, it's not a matter of whether there is one, but rather that there
definitely was one. They had encountered it before!*

Lumian ignored Moran Avigny's boasting and turned to Jenna.

"Our investigation into the Mirror People has yielded significant
progress. Combined with the Overseer, who evidently possesses godhood,
what unfolds next is beyond our ability to intervene. As soon as we
acquire the coordinates of the Overseer's mirror, promptly report the
entire situation."

Jenna curtly acknowledged his words and laughed self-deprecatingly.

"Actually, I'm dying to report it now."

From her viewpoint, although she was unsure why the School of Truth was
searching for Emperor Roselle's final mausoleum or what their intentions
were, given the strong probability that they had already obtained vital
information and collaborated with the mirror Roselle, the situation had
obviously become very urgent, and it was certainly not a positive
development.

"You can begin writing now." Lumian gave a slight nod and shifted his
gaze to Moran Avigny.

He planned to appropriate the other party's fate.

Fate Appropriation was not his objective. By seizing the chance to
interact with fate, his aim was to seek essential information from past
fate fragments.

This was the penultimate segment of the "interrogation."

The final segment involved spirit channeling to forcibly obtain the
coordinates of the Overseer's mirror!

Furthermore, Lumian wanted to take this opportunity to observe what
would happen to the target if he seized one of their fate fragments
without exchanging fates or directly causing their death.

This was not mentioned in the mystical knowledge possessed by a Fate
Appropriator. The only thing Lumian knew for certain was that the past
would not change, and what had already transpired would remain
unchanged.

Initially, Lumian had wanted to inquire further about the Mirror People
who maintained contact with Moran Avigny and their positions. However,
the urgency of the situation led him to postpone this matter to the
spirit channeling part. In any case, it wasn't particularly crucial.

From Lumian's perspective, it was more important to know the identities
of the Mirror People who had infiltrated the Demoness Sect and who had
gone to Lenburg in search of an item. However, Moran Avigny clearly had
no knowledge of this.

Lumian suspected that the Mirror People who had gone to Lenburg were
looking for clues about 0-01. After all, based on the information, this
item likely had a close connection to Blood Emperor Alista Tudor. The
method of sealing it was quite similar to sealing Fourth Epoch Trier. It
might be of great significance to the Mirror People from the special
mirror world in Fourth Epoch Trier.

Lumian extended his right palm and pressed it against Moran Avigny from
a distance.

His blue eyes rapidly turned silver-black.

Moran Avigny was perplexed by Lumian's strange behavior.

Although he possessed the strength of a Sequence 5, he had been actively
involved in politics for the past decade or so. He maintained a certain
distance from the mysticism domain and the emerging cults. This was
particularly true after becoming the Minister of Industry. He relied
entirely on the connections within the Mirror People and the Brokers of
the School of Truth to acquire the knowledge, information, and items he
desired. Direct contact with wild Beyonders was uncommon, so he
naturally couldn't discern Lumian's intentions. He only instinctively
believed that Lumian had ulterior motives and wasn't simply acting.

Lumian's right palm "touched" the mercury illusory river corresponding
to Moran Avigny.

The life of the Mirror Person flashed before his eyes, and various fate
fragments surged along the river.

Lumian couldn't discern them in detail. Seizing the brief span of two to
three seconds, he focused on observing two fate fragments.

One fate fragment depicted how Moran Avigny remotely instructed the
School of Truth's Overseer to perform a ritual through the mirror,
establishing a connection with the Mirror Roselle Gustav.

The other aspect was how this Mirror Person came into being.

In the previous fate segment, Lumian witnessed Moran Avigny stuffing a
classic silver mirror into his makeup mirror and lending it to the
Overseer.

At the source of the mercury river of fate, the 17- or 18-year-old
Mirror Moran Avigny swiftly materialized in the dark and cold room, his
expression naturally sinister.

*The classic silver mirror bears a striking resemblance to the one
Franca found at the overflow of corruption in the mirror world. She had
relied on the latter to enter Fourth Epoch Trier during Operation
Hostel... Could such a mirror be closely tied to the Mirror
People?*

*Didn't Moran Avigny say that the descendants of the Tamara family
naturally have a corresponding Mirror Person? Why wasn't he a baby when
he was born as a Mirror Person? The descendants of the Tamara family
must reach a certain age or have done something specific to produce the
corresponding Mirror People? He doesn't seem to understand what's going
on either...*

As these thoughts raced through his mind, Lumian didn't allow the Fate
Appropriation attempt to end naturally and result in failure. He seized
the moment and grasped a fate fragment in his right hand. Through the
spew of his spirituality, he slowly extracted the abnormally heavy
target from the mercury-colored illusory river.

The fate fragment corresponded to the scene of Moran Avigny's lust
exploding under the Symphony of Hatred.

As time passed, Franca and Jenna asked about the other Mirror People to
divert Moran Avigny's attention, and the fate fragment finally left the
mercury river.

Consequently, the hole that had appeared was neither filled nor rewoven.
Empty chaos occupied it, emitting a thin fog.

After storing the obtained fate fragments into his Spirit Body, Lumian
carefully observed Moran Avigny's transformation.

As he waited, he muttered inwardly, *The fact that we caught Moran
Avigny remains unchanged...*

*Him drinking the truth serum and being hypnotized remain
unchanged...*

*We haven't forgotten what he just said...*

*Yes, this Fate Appropriation took a total of three minutes. The fate
fragment depicting his eruption of lust weighs heavily in Moran Avigny's
entire life. After all, it caused his fate to take a sharp turn for the
worse...*

*Appropriation requires a distance of 15 meters. Obtaining the target's
blood is unnecessary...*

*While stirring fate and waiting for completion, I can't attack the
target, but I can stay away...*

*It's more convenient to kill him directly. The Appropriation can be
completed in a matter of seconds...*

As Lumian reviewed, Moran Avigny's weakened aura gradually filled up,
and his face flushed.

The bloodstains and tears on his face vanished.

*Yes, there was no eruption of lust, so no severe injuries...*
Lumian harrumphed as Moran Avigny's face lit up with pleasant surprise.

Two beams of white light struck Moran Avigny, knocking him unconscious.

Simultaneously, Jenna and Franca, who had been closely monitoring
Lumian's movements, aimed their revolvers at the yet-to-collapse Moran
Avigny's head.

Amidst the gunshots, the Disciplinary Paladin's head exploded like
blood-colored fireworks.

Lumian didn't complain about Franca and Jenna not giving him a chance to
cull. He didn't want to waste his spirituality on Culling. When he
appeared at the last moment and used the Symphony of Hatred to shatter
Moran Avigny's remaining Mirror Substitution and capture him, he felt as
if the potion had digested somewhat due to the successful cull.

*Thud!*

Moran Avigny's lifeless body crumpled to the ground, and Franca prepared
to channel the spirit.