---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2205
index: 729
section: vol4
slug: 729
title: Purpose
---

## Chapter 729: Purpose

Franca had already concealed herself by the time she recognized Perle.
Her plan was to circle around and use the mirror to reflect Perle's
figure, hoping to curse her.

If the curse failed, it would at least create an opening for Jenna to
sneak up from the shadows and assassinate the target.

Though not as cunning as Lumian the Conspirer, both Jenna and Franca
instinctively sensed that the sudden assaulting Perle was incredibly
dangerous, even more so than Moran Avigny. However, they didn't go so
far as to suspect her of being an Overseer or demigod.

As Perle uttered the Words of Order, Franca felt slender, snake-like
entities emerge from the surrounding shadows, enveloping her despite her
invisibility.

*Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!* Razor-sharp icicles burst from the
ground like soldiers thrusting their spears.

Franca quickly leaped up, pressing one hand against an icicle to tumble
out of the area.

She narrowly avoided impalement, hanging precariously from the icicle's
tip.

Before Franca could regain her footing, black flames shot out from the
shadows, hurtling directly towards her. The serpentine creatures around
her constricted, binding her in layers.

*Wh---* With no time to react, Franca could only watch
helplessly as the black flames consumed her.

At the same moment, a figure stepped out from the shadows---Clarice,
wearing an elegant black court dress with her hair in a sophisticated
bun. However, the Demoness of Black's face was blurry and dark, unlike a
living person.

*My crime is cheating, deceit, and exploiting others, mainly in
reference to the Demoness Sect. Is this punishment from a manifestation
of the Demoness of Black?* Franca's thoughts raced.

Her body shattered like glass.

Mirror Substitution!

Jenna, while stealthily hidden, also encountered a strange foe.

It was a clergyman from the Eternal Blazing Sun Church, dressed in a
white robe adorned with golden threads. Not only were his facial
features hazy and unrecognizable, but his physique was also constantly
shifting in subtle ways.

A blaze of sunlight descended, banishing the shadows in the area and
exposing Jenna's body.

Realization dawned on Jenna.

*My crime is believing in multiple deities and betraying the Eternal
Blazing Sun...*

*So, an abstract embodiment of the Church's clergyman is punishing
me...*

Jenna quickly rolled to the other side of the quarry cave, dodging the
clergyman's attack.

Anthony was not forgotten.

Just as he prepared to use Psychological Invisibility to approach Perle
and send her into a Frenzy, a whip wreathed in silver lightning lashed
out at him.

A crackling sound echoed in Anthony's mind, both illusory and real,
sending a sharp pain through his soul. Every hair on his body stood on
end.

If not for his incredible self-control, he would have screamed.

Before him stood a middle-aged man in a black uniform and white shirt,
dressed as a Trier police officer.

*My crime stems from my transgressions as an information broker, so I'm
up against Trier's police? Most Trier police officers lack Beyonder
powers, yet this Punisher directly wields abilities in the Arbiter
domain?* As Anthony conjured grayish-white dragon scales on his
body, he deftly ran and rolled, seeking a chance to use Psychological
Invisibility.

The already dim surroundings around Lumian suddenly darkened further, as
if something was about to take shape, filling him with a profound sense
of dread.

Just as the terrifying entity was about to emerge, it abruptly
disintegrated. Even the surrounding gloom and fear dissipated like
melting snow.

*Uh... Is my crime too severe for a Punisher to manifest
directly?* Lumian guessed, considering Franca and the others'
situations.

Behind him, spears of blazing white flame materialized and shot towards
the flamboyantly dressed Perle like a volley of arrows.

The flaming spears formed a majestic and fierce forest, providing cover
for Lumian's true attack.

He had already drawn his revolver, gently flicking the cylinder with his
finger.

Three of the six bullets he had obtained from Jebus were loaded.

Lumian needed to use Implosion Bullets now.

Only by employing these special bullets in combination with his Cull
ability did he have a sliver of hope of injuring Perle, whom he
suspected to be the Overseer!

*Bang!*

Lumian's eyes blazed with an iron-black intensity as the
starlight-shimmering bullets wove between the blazing white flame
spears, speeding towards Perle's neck.

Perle stood beside the fixed entrance to the mirror world, her amiable
smile unwavering.

The corners of her mouth curled up. "How dare you attack an Overseer?"

As the self-proclaimed Overseer uttered her first word, Lumian's
starlight bullet abruptly changed course, hurtling towards his own neck.

Likewise, the blazing white flame spears strangely returned to Lumian's
side, engulfing him.

Before Lumian could teleport, an Implosion Bullet struck him, causing
his body to collapse bit by bit.

*Crack!*

He transformed into a mirror, shattering into countless fragments that
vanished without a trace as they gathered uncontrollably.

After the battle with Jebus, Franca had provided Lumian with another
Mirror Substitution!

Perle showed no surprise. She sighed and smiled. "Personally, I'd prefer
you die now and release that Angel. It would greatly benefit our common
cause. Unfortunately, the one who made the Under the Table transaction
with me insisted on capturing you alive."

Lumian materialized in a corner of the quarry cave, catching Perle's
words.

Instantly, numerous guesses flooded his mind.

*Under the Table transaction?*

*Perle is the Overseer directly above Jebus. She evaded pursuit from the
Major Arcana card holders by completing another high-level Under the
Table transaction. And for this, she must capture me and take me
somewhere?*

*When did she find out about Moran Avigny's situation? Was she
monitoring his residence? Or did she receive information from other
sources?*

*Surely the Purifiers are professional enough to keep the news under
wraps, right?*

*Why capture me alive? Who wants me alive?*

*To use me as a sacrifice, like Susanna Mattise?*

*Or could the person engaging in Perle's Under the Table transaction be
a Sufferer from the Sinners organization? Someone who doesn't want
Termiboros to break free from the seal, but instead wants to control
this Angel and use Him as an ingredient for advancement?*

*No, that's not right. If he were just a Sufferer, even if he could
mislead Madam Magician and the others temporarily, he couldn't prevent
them from returning to help. Yet, Perle remains calm and
collected...*

*Could the other party in the Under the Table transaction be a faction
of the Mother Tree of Desire or the Great Mother? Only they could
organize a lineup in this world to deal with the Major Arcana card
holders...*

With his keen Conspirer's intuition, Lumian connected two problems.

First, the counter-party of Overseer Perle's Under the Table
transaction. Second, how she discovered Moran Avigny's mishap so quickly
and promptly convened a high-level Under the Table transaction.

As these questions intertwined, a thought struck Lumian.

*In the Purifier team, a key member of April Fool's wasn't a
transmigrator. Together with Loki, he single-handedly orchestrated the
loss of the humanoid Sealed Artifact. To this day, the Eternal Blazing
Sun Church hasn't discovered the perpetrator!*

*Could a Broker also be involved?*

*Indeed, only if a key April Fool's member lurking within the Church
appears unrelated to the Purifier who lost the humanoid Sealed Artifact,
and they don't even know each other, can the Eternal Blazing Sun Church,
with its numerous Sealed Artifacts and demigods, investigate for so long
without finding anything!*

*From the Eternal Blazing Sun Church's perspective, the Purifier who
lost the humanoid Sealed Artifact truly committed a momentary "mistake."
He had no motive for the crime and no links to April Fool's...*

*Has the School of Truth expanded the Broker business into the Eternal
Blazing Sun Church?*

*It's true; only Unshadowed won't be embroiled in gray transactions, and
most Purifiers can't reach Sequence 4. Similarly, not all Cardinals are
from the Sun pathway...*

*It seems the School of Truth has long been connected to April Fool's
and is collaborating...*

*Damn it, it really is a broker organization. It can be associated with
any faction!*

*Could it be that the School of Truth's collaborator within the Eternal
Blazing Sun Church urgently transmitted information about Moran Avigny's
mishap to Overseer Perle?*

*Upon receiving the news, Perle immediately convened a high-level Under
the Table transaction. Was the transaction with April Fool's? No, April
Fool's doesn't have that power. Could it be the Celestial Worthy backing
them or other high-ranking subordinates of the Celestial
Worthy?*

*No wonder they want to capture me alive...*

*Perle might have intended to offer an item in exchange for severing her
connection with Moran Avigny. However, the counter-party in the Under
the Table transaction proposed a new plan, allowing her to switch from
passive to active, seizing the opportunity to deceive and set a
trap.*

*How far it can go depends on her improvisation...*

*If it is indeed April Fool's and the Celestial Worthy's will is faintly
discernible, it would explain why Madam Magician didn't sense anything
amiss and walked right into the trap.*

Realizing this, Lumian was alarmed.

*Termiboros warned me twice about the School of Truth. Could it be that
He foresaw the corresponding fate unfold and a chance for Him to break
free from the seal? Is that why He was so eager, hoping to compel it
into fruition?*