---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2213
index: 737
section: vol5
slug: 737
title: Opinion
---

## Chapter 737: Opinion

After having the messenger dispatched to deliver the letter, Lumian sat
at his desk, gazing at the dark curtains that seeped in the crimson
moonlight, patiently awaiting Madam Magician's arrival.

After an indeterminate period of time, a resplendent starlight emerged
from the dark room, coalescing into the figure of Magician.

She had changed into a brownish-yellow cotton dress with white
trimmings.

"Good evening, Madam Magician," Lumian said with a glance around. "I
have something important to discuss."

Magician grasped his meaning and immediately condensed the surrounding
darkness into an illusory glass barrier, curling up to block out the
infiltration of the crimson moonlight and the sounds from outside.

"What's so important?" Madam Magician inquired once secrecy was ensured.

Lumian conjured a blazing white flame to use as a chandelier. After a
few moments of silence, he said, "I've confirmed the origins of the
lizard-like elf."

"It's not an evil god from outside the barrier?" Madam Magician wore a
thoughtful expression.

Lumian's lips curled into a slight smile. "An evil god in a way, but one
not from outside the barrier."

Magician frowned and said, "Give me the details."

Lumian recounted in his deep voice his pact with Penitent Baynfel and
the corresponding negative effects. He described seeing the True Creator
idol and a lizard-like elf in the secret cathedral of the Aurora Order,
as well as the illusory scene suspected to be a divine kingdom.

Madam Magician didn't interrupt him, listening attentively. Then, she
let out a long sigh and said, "In fact, I had suspected that the
lizard-like elf was related to Him, but whether it was the Spectator
pathway's Mythical Creature form or the Hanged Man pathway's Mythical
Creature form, they were clearly different from that elf. Nothing
similar had manifested in the past five to six years. Additionally, the
two experts at decrypting and deciphering dreams were more inclined to
believe that the elf came from an evil god outside the barrier. This led
me to abandon that guess.

"From the looks of it, that entity had been involved in Cordu's
catastrophe for a long time.

"That's the only explanation that's complete. How could He, who's been
listening and watching, not notice such a major incident that has been
unfolding for so long and involves members of the Curly-Haired Baboons
Research Society? How could He not take advantage of the situation?"

"What does He want?" Lumian's expression subtly contorted.

Magician stared at Lumian for a few seconds before sighing again.

"I can only confirm one goal. That is to create a Beyonder capable of
rapid digestion and rapid advancement along the Hunter pathway.

"Think about it. It's been just over half a year since you became a
Hunter. You're already a Sequence 5 Beyonder, and your Reaper potion has
been greatly digested. Perhaps in two to three months, you can consider
breaking through to godhood and advancing to Sequence 4, becoming a
demigod.

"On this 'journey,' whether it was the fake Angel status brought about
by sealing Termiboros, the obtained boons of the Inevitability pathway,
or some tempering and digestion opportunities filled with calculated
arrangements, they all contributed significantly to your growth.

"He wants a Red Priest and is pushing for a decisive battle between the
Red Priest and the Primordial Demoness.

"I was worried that your advancement might be going too smoothly, but
now it seems that a price has already been exacted for what fate
bestowed, and a deposit has been paid."

Under the blazing white flames, Lumian spoke in a deep, raspy voice,
"I'd rather remain an ordinary person."

Madam Magician shook her head with a complex smile.

"As the apocalypse approaches, with Aurore's background and condition,
even if no catastrophe had occurred in Cordu, it's inevitable that
you'll encounter one eventually. Have you forgotten the helplessness and
pain of being an ordinary person in that catastrophe?"

Lumian clenched his fists involuntarily and lowered his head. "I-I just
don't want to obtain power this way."

Madam Magician didn't dwell on the topic and said, "He definitely has
ulterior motives. For example, a humanoid Sealed Artifact like you can
effectively gather evil god influences around you wherever you go,
exposing their schemes in advance and giving us more time to deal with
them."

Lumian remained silent and didn't respond.

Madam Magician glanced at him and asked with an obvious sigh, "What's
your next move?"

Lumian's body trembled slightly, as if he couldn't suppress his
emotions.

Gritting his teeth, he said, "I want to punch Him!"

Upon saying this, Lumian's eyes turned bloodshot.

To be honest, he had never harbored a firm desire to seek revenge on a
deity. His original plan was to eliminate the key members of April
Fool's and the Sanson family of the Sinners organization. Then, he would
work hard to become an Angel and extract most of Termiboros's strength.
Then, he would release the weak Angel of Inevitability and kill Him.

He knew that the source of Cordu's catastrophe was actually the entity
known as Inevitability. However, due to the vast disparity between them
and his natural fear of deities, he had only occasionally cursed and
spoken harsh words. He hadn't truly put the other party on his revenge
list.

And now, he wanted those damned deities to fall from heaven, like
meteors streaking through the night sky!

Madam Magician looked at Lumian with a serious expression and asked, "Do
you know what you mean by that?"

"I know," Lumian nodded slowly. "I've been waiting all day before
requesting to meet you because I've been questioning myself seriously."

He had questioned himself again and again, sometimes in anger, sometimes
in sorrow. When he calmed down a little, he questioned himself again.

Madam Magician regarded him with a familiar pity in her eyes.

This time, Lumian knew clearly what she was pitying.

A human yearning to punch a deity.

Lumian gazed back at the Major Arcana card holder, his gaze unwavering.

After a while, Magician nodded slightly and said, "You're telling me the
target because you want me to provide effective advice on your idea and
make it a little more feasible?

"Yes, my suggestion is that before Mr. Fool awakens to some extent,
endure your impulses and work hard to improve yourself. Only by becoming
a demigod can you have a chance to sit at that table of cards---of
course, that depends on whether you appear there in the form of cards or
chips. Don't be disheartened. It's the same for you, me, and the other
demigods. Our will and choices can also play an important role at
critical moments. We can also exploit the card players."

Lumian asked in a deep voice, "Will Mr. Fool---will he help me?"

Madam Magician nodded solemnly. "Yes."

Unknowingly, her eyes grew brighter. "Mr. Fool will protect us. All of
us are willing to make sacrifices for this world, but we can't be
sacrificed."

Lumian suddenly let out a sigh of relief, as if he had lost all
strength. He couldn't stand steadily, and his body swayed slightly.

He had been suppressing his emotions with all his might until now.

Madam Magician looked at him and pondered for a moment before saying, "I
must remind you that that entity should already be aware of your
thoughts. This is because you displayed an abnormality in front of His
idol.

"I'm not criticizing you; I'm just stating a fact. In that situation,
even Clowns and Spectators would find it difficult to control their
emotions and expressions, let alone an Ascetic like you."

"I know..." Lumian replied with difficulty.

Before Madam Magician exposed him, he had harbored a glimmer of hope.

Magician chuckled and said, "That's also a positive thing. The fact that
you're still alive suggests that you're still useful to Him and can be
used. You haven't repaid the full price that fate has exacted of you. As
long as you don't give up on yourself or participate in actions that can
disrupt His important plans, He will ignore your hatred. He might even
continue to allow you to encounter opportunities and obtain things until
you step onto the stage He has decided for you.

"It's frustrating, but that's the reality. In the eyes of an existence
like Him, you are currently just a speck of dust. He can reduce you to
dust at any time without worrying about your thoughts."

After a long silence, Lumian asked in a slightly hoarse voice, "You
mean, before Mr. Fool awakens, I'm to make full use of that entity's
arrangements?"

Magician nodded slightly and said, "Using an enemy's resources to
strengthen yourself is also a way of seeking revenge. Of course, this
requires greater caution and restraint. As I mentioned earlier, a price
is always exacted for what fate has bestowed. You have to weigh whether
you're willing to pay the corresponding price in the future."

Lumian looked down at the floor illuminated by the incandescent white
light and said, "Okay."

He then asked, "When will Mr. Fool begin awakening?"

"No one knows," Madam Magician replied with a smile. "But there's no
need to be disheartened by this answer. I foresee that we tarot card
holders will play an important role in this matter. Let's work hard
together."

"How do we?" Lumian pressed.

Madam Magician pondered for a moment and said, "First, focus on
yourself. Then, wait patiently for the right opportunity."

The right opportunity? Lumian couldn't fathom how they, the Minor Arcana
card holders, were involved in awakening Mr. Fool. All he could do was
cautiously ask, "Madam, did you deliberately place Penitent on the
messenger list?"

Without Baynfel's negative influence, he wouldn't have had a chance to
see the lizard-like elf in the True Creator's hidden cathedral.

"Yes and no," Madam Magician replied. "I know he has a certain
connection to that entity. I believe our collaboration with the Aurora
Order is fragile. You were sent as an undercover agent, not a true
member. You might encounter certain problems in the future, and there's
a chance that he will bring about new possibilities. That's why I placed
him on the messenger list to see if fate will allow you to choose him. I
never expected this to unveil a very important mystery."

Lumian had long grown accustomed to Madam Magician's cryptic responses.
He swiftly filtered through her thoughts.

He spoke in a deep voice, "Madam, I wish to explore Mr. Hanged Man's
Blue Avenger soon."