---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2218
index: 742
section: vol5
slug: 742
title: Rewards
---

## Chapter 742: Rewards

That dark coin pouch was indeed a Traveler's Bag, containing three
items:

One was a sheepskin parchment of a brownish hue, another was a nearly
invisible triangular spike, and the last was a mechanically intricate
black revolver.

Lumian didn't rush to take out the rewards but instead unfolded the
folded square letter.

"Prize Descriptions:

"Ironblood Knight potion formula: See for yourself.

"Traveler's Bag: No need for further introduction, right?

"Wintry Blade: A mystical item crafted from the dust of ancient vengeful
spirits and residual spirituality.

"Any creature pierced by it, even without a visible wound, will fall
into an icy rigidity and uncontrollable thoughts, as if possessed by a
Wraith.

"Moreover, as the battle persists, the targets of the Wintry Blade, even
without direct contact, will gradually find their thoughts slowing and
movements becoming stiff and awkward.

"The downside is that the bearer gradually loses body heat, turning
toward a necrotic state. If this exceeds the necessary time limit, the
process becomes irreversible.

"Placing it in the Traveler's Bag effectively avoids the negative
effects of carrying it. You only need to ensure the battle doesn't
exceed three hours. Of course, as a Sequence 5 of the Hunter pathway, a
burning Reaper, you could endure the negative effects for at least four
hours without other countermeasures."

Reading this, Lumian immediately thought of the Eggers family's golden
mask.

That mask could also turn the wearer into a dead being, providing
protection for the spirit and consciousness to remain alive until the
mask was removed, allowing the wearer to easily revert to their original
state.

*While wearing Death's golden mask, could I use the Wintry Blade
completely unaffected? I'm already an undead, so the gradual necrosis
doesn't apply... No, wearing that golden mask for too long means real
death once removed, resulting in instant death...* Lumian found
no exploitable loophole and sighed in disappointment.

He continued reading the last part of the letter:

"Winter is Coming: This revolver was found at the site of a secret but
failed ritual while investigating the Order of All Extinction cult. It
was meant to be a collectible firearm, but it became a formidable weapon
with a limited number of uses due to corruption during the ritual.

"The bullets it fires carry that corruption, producing two effects:

"One ensures the bullet hits its target; even Saints, unless they use
special abilities to dodge, will be hit. For beings below demigods,
unless they switch with a substitute or the shooter is under an illusion
and unable to aim, the shot will hit its intended target, and any
substitutes will fail.

"Two, ensures death; even Saints, lacking certain traits and abilities,
once hit, will suffer great trauma and gradually die. For beings below
demigods, a hit means certain death.

"These two effects cannot coexist; a choice is made for each shot.

"The number of times it can still carry these effects is four. Once used
up, Winter is Coming will revert to a normal revolver and begin rusting
and deteriorating. However, until then, its normal shots will also
spread ailments with each wound, with the type of disease being
unpredictable.

"After each use of Winter is Coming, you must seek treatment from an
Apothecary or Doctor within the following week, even if no symptoms
appear.

"If not treated in time, you will inevitably contract a terminal illness
that lower-sequence Apothecaries and Doctors cannot cure due to mystical
factors."

*This is a weapon that can harm demigods...? After the Overseer Perle's
painted self incident, are Miss Magician and her peers consciously
providing us with items that can affect demigods, with bearable side
effects? Doctor...* Lumian half-turned his body, casting his
gaze toward the door.

Lugano had already woken up and was preparing Ludwig's first breakfast.

After confirming the rewards, Lumian reached into the Traveler's Bag and
pulled out the brownish sheepskin parchment, written on in dark red ink:

"Potion name: Iron-blooded Knight;

"Sequence: 4;

"Main ingredient: Magma Giant's core, Stone of Catastrophe;

"Supplementary ingredients: 80 milliliters of boiling magma, 20 grams of
flora powder corrupted by a Stone of Catastrophe, 20 grams of soil
soaked in soldier's blood from a large battlefield, one acorn;

"Ritual: Form a team of at least 30 people, cultivate deep comradeship
with them, allowing them to grow stronger together with perfect synergy,
understanding the leader's intent through eye contact and gestures,
nearly as one entity, then have them perform the ritual (the stronger
and more cohesive the team, the better the ritual's effect)."

While reading, Lumian felt a strong burning sensation from the dark red
inked words and thought he could smell rust and blood.

*Phew...* Lumian had just finished reading the Iron-blooded
Knight potion formula and quickly set it down on the table, feeling as
if he was sinking into a hell of flames and blood.

*Such a strong mental impact...*

*Is it because the Sequence 4 potion formula inherently possesses such
traits, or because it was written by an Angel, or perhaps a combination
of both?*

*Boiling magma... Does this mean drinking magma directly, and if you
don't advance, you die?*

Lumian memorized the Iron-blooded Knight potion formula in his mind,
occasionally opening the parchment to ensure there were no mistakes.

___

In the morning, at Apartment 702, 9 Rue Orosai.

Lumian placed the new Traveler's Bag and the two weapons on the coffee
table and went into detail about the latter two.

"Only three items?" Franca asked, puzzled.

Lumian chuckled.

"There's also the Iron-blooded Knight Sequence 4 potion formula for the
Hunter pathway, but that's meaningless for you."

"Who says so? At Sequence 4, a Demoness can switch to the Hunter
pathway!" Franca retorted, her eyes sparkling.

She almost said that before joining the Demoness Sect, her dream was to
obtain the Iron-blooded Knight potion formula to turn herself back into
a male.

Before Lumian could respond, Franca eagerly pleaded, "May I see it? It's
not like you'll lose anything."

*This way, if I become a Demoness of Affliction and something forces me
out of the Demoness Sect, I could consider advancing to Iron-blooded
Knight!*

"Sure." Lumian replied nonchalantly.

He knew what Franca truly desired.

He then took the brownish parchment out of his Traveler's Bag.

Seeing this, Jenna asked, curious yet hopeful,

"May I have a look too?"

This was a potion formula that could unlock the gates of godhood!

"Uh..." Franca turned to Jenna, wanting to stop her but finding no
suitable excuse.

*Is it really appropriate for a female Demoness to look at the
Iron-blooded Knight potion formula?*

Lumian didn't help Franca dissuade Jenna, and freely unfolded the brown
parchment, placing it on the coffee table surface, and casually
cautioned,

"For every paragraph, take a look then close your eyes and rest for a
few seconds---it has a strong mental impact."

After a while, Franca, Jenna, and Anthony felt as though they had been
roasted by a fire all night long, their sweat long since dried.

"It requires at least thirty people... That's a bit difficult," Franca
said, empathizing with Lumian's challenge.

Lumian chuckled.

"The stronger the team members, the better the effect. And if you have
members with godhood in the team, the number required can be
significantly reduced."

Franca and Jenna thought of a name simultaneously and said in unison,
"Ludwig?"

"I'm trying to teach him." Lumian gave a godfatherly smile.

Franca said no more and turned her attention to the three items: the
Wintry Blade, Winter is Coming, and the Traveler's Bag.

She generously smiled and said, "Jenna, Anthony, you pick first. Just
don't leave the Traveler's Bag for me---I already have one."

She was worried about lacking a powerful or special effect item. Both
the Wintry Blade and Winter is Coming perfectly met her needs---any
would do. As an Assassin, her hidden blade was a normal weapon that
could rely on Witch powers to attach black flames, while the Cannon Gun
was akin to a portable mini-cannon, nothing special.

Anthony immediately looked at Jenna, signaling her to choose first.

This was not out of courtesy---he wanted the Traveler's Bag, and he
wanted the other two items as well.

Jenna looked at the Hypnotist, lacking direct attack capability, then at
Franca, whose gaze moved back and forth between the Wintry Blade and
Winter is Coming. She picked up the dark coin pouch and said with a
smile,

"I've always wanted a Traveler's Bag."

This wasn't a lie---many Witch spells required casting materials, and
some items, even just by carrying them, could have negative effects,
which could be barely avoided by placing them in the Traveler's Bag,
such as the Beyonder characteristic of the Dream Stealer.

Once Jenna took the Traveler's Bag, Anthony quickly made his decision.

"I'll take Winter is Coming."

Without a Traveler's Bag, carrying the Wintry Blade would be a
significant burden.

Franca looked at the nearly transparent triangular spike and smiled
broadly.

"I'll see if I can have it made into a hidden blade."

*These are all suitable rewards for us. Madam Judgment and company are
so thoughtful...* Lumian watched his companions distribute the
rewards, nodding thoughtfully.

That evening, back in the rented apartment, he met Madam Magician again.

This Major Arcana card holder spoke bluntly, "Head to the Blue Avenger
now."