---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2221
index: 745
section: vol5
slug: 745
title: Three Items
---

## Chapter 745: Three Items

Having checked his physical condition, Lumian slowly moved along the
wall of the spacious corridor.

During this, he almost cleared his mind, not thinking or analyzing,
focusing solely on whether he would be caught by the silver full-length
mirror at the end of the deep corridor.

Finally, following his instincts, Lumian stopped.

He hoped to use the Law of Beyonder Characteristics Convergence and a
Fate Appropriator's sensitivity to fate to find the most "suitable" room
among the doors of starlight.

There might be high-level items from the Hunter's path there, even the
main ingredient for the Iron-blooded Knight potion!

Looking at the translucent door formed by brilliant starlight beside
him, Lumian, in a hushed tone, asked, "Termiboros, do you think there's
great danger inside?"

After the ordeal with the School of Truth, Lumian grew more cautious and
vigilant towards the Angel of Inevitability, but that didn't mean he
wouldn't seek His opinion under the right circumstances and conditions,
as Termiboros could still offer valuable advice.

As it was now, with Madam Magician outside, Termiboros had little hope
of breaking His seal; his death or mutation would only worsen His
situation, likely prompting Him to warn of any danger.

Lumian couldn't see changes in his own fate, but Termiboros could!

Termiboros remained silent, not answering Lumian's question.

Unfazed, Lumian placed his right hand, still pulsing with the Blood
Emperor's residual essence, on the handle of the starlight door before
him.

He slowly turned the handle, poised to push the door open, waiting for
any reaction from Termiboros.

The door of starlight gradually opened, and Termiboros gave no warning.

*No response is also a response! It means the danger inside is bearable,
or likely manageable...* Lumian calmly pushed the door wide open
and walked into the room dominated by shadows.

Suddenly, a bluish-white blaze lit up, and an iron-black sword engulfed
in terrifying flames struck down towards his head.

Prepared for such surprises, Lumian quickly activated the black mark on
his shoulder and teleported to the side of the room.

*Bang!*

The black sword, covered in bluish-white flames, struck the translucent
starlight floor, leaving a deep crack.

Inside the crack, some of the starlight melted, appearing like flowing
magma.

Using the sparks, Lumian saw who his assailant was.

It was a nearly 2.5-meter tall suit of iron-black armor, the interior of
its visor a swath of darkness, as if uninhabited, with no fiery glow of
an undead's eyes.

With a swift motion, the iron-black armor turned and faced Lumian,
raising the large sword covered in bluish-white flames once more.

Before it could strike, Lumian's blue eyes had turned iron-black.

He spotted the weak points in the half-giant armor, the pale-white spots
at its joints.

As the black sword struck with its fiery blade, Lumian teleported away
again.

With a bang, the bluish-white flames scattered, and Lumian's figure
outlined behind the iron-black armor.

He leaped up, his right fist igniting with white flames.

A resounding clang echoed as Lumian punched the joint between the helmet
and body armor of the iron-black armor.

*Cull!*

After landing the punch, Lumian immediately teleported away, dodging a
waist-high slash from the half-turned iron-black armor.

In this manner, using the high mobility of teleport, he continuously
appeared behind his target, striking the same spot with Cull, never
overreaching, completing a single hit with each teleport.

*Clang! Clang! Clang!*

After five consecutive Culls, the iron-black armor stood frozen in
place.

Gnarly cracks spread rapidly from the joint between its helmet and body
armor, soon covering its entire body.

*Crack!*

The iron-black armor completely shattered, its metal fragments falling
like rain onto the starlight-condensed floor, making a pattering sound.

*Clang.* The large sword covered in bluish-white flames
followed, hitting the ground.

*It has no intelligence, moves stiffly, and is stronger than a Sequence
6 but weaker than a Sequence 5. However, that sword hits incredibly
hard. If it struck me, unless I substituted with an animated shadow, I
would've been killed instantly or lost limbs. That's only because it
didn't hit my torso. And yes, it's very durable, even more so than the
Guardians I encountered at the Dream Festival*, Lumian mused,
glancing at the shattered armor while using the remaining light from the
black sword to scan the room for other dangers.

The room was quite empty, featuring only an altar-like stone platform
with a small, transparent glass bottle on it, containing a semi-solid
yellowish-red substance, topped with a thick black wick.

*A mystical candle?* Lumian speculated roughly. *I wonder what
it's used for...*

By now, he was fairly certain there were no other surprises, and he
turned his attention back to the pile of fragments from the shattered
iron-black armor.

Among the debris, he found a peculiar piece of leather.

The leather was about the size of half a towel, creamy white, and finely
textured, appearing so enticing that even from a distance, Lumian felt
it must have belonged to a beautiful woman.

*Human skin?* he muttered, frowning as he approached.

He didn't immediately pick up the black sword, whose flames had mostly
died down, or the alluring piece of leather. Instead, he drew a dagger
from his Traveler's Bag.

Using the dagger, Lumian picked out the leather, holding it up before
him.

The first thing he saw was a few words in ancient Hermes script:

"Despair...

"Sequence 4..."

Suddenly, Lumian's breathing grew belabored, his head spun, and his
physical condition visibly worsened.

He quickly looked away and used the dagger to lift the delicate white
leather, stuffing it into his Traveler's Bag.

His discomfort gradually subsided.

*A potion formula for the Demoness of Despair?* Lumian mused
over what he had just seen. *And the leather it's written on was peeled
right off a Demoness of Despair, hence its special and dangerous nature?
Truly a relic from the Tudor dynasty, harboring such items...*

Lost in thought, Lumian's gaze shifted to the black sword, whose
bluish-white flame was dimming, no longer as brilliant as before.

He pondered for a moment, deciding not to risk determining the item's
abilities, effects, and negative impacts just yet. Instead, he placed it
into the Traveler's Bag, setting it aside in a corner clear of other
items.

Using the same method, Lumian also packed the strange candle in the
glass bottle into the Traveler's Bag.

He planned to consult Madam Magician about these items once outside,
rather than experimenting on his own!

After ensuring the room had nothing else of interest, Lumian returned
through the door of starlight to the deep, spacious corridor.

Just as he was about to continue using the Law of Beyonder
Characteristics Convergence and a Fate Appropriator's sensitivity to
fate to choose the next room to explore, a faint, distant voice suddenly
echoed in his ears: "For you, the other rooms are too dangerous..."

This was the voice of Madam Magician.

*Mr. Hanged Man and her are indeed watching... Did her words mean that
the exploration is to pause here?* This confirmation steadied
Lumian considerably.

He thought for a few seconds, deciding to do one more thing before
leaving this extradimensional space.

Slowly, bit by bit, he circled towards the silver full-length mirror at
the end of the corridor, his focus intense, ready to turn and leave at
the first word of discouragement from Madam Magician.

Until he reached the side of the silver full-length mirror, Madam
Magician had not spoken out to stop him.

Lumian took a deep breath and carefully moved his right palm towards the
front of the silver full-length mirror.

He didn't know whether the mirror would react again when reflecting only
a palm.

As his palm moved slowly, Lumian's nerves were taut.

Finally, he touched the surface of the mirror, feeling its brittle yet
firm coldness.

Immediately after, Lumian activated a power from his contract with
Bloody Jack---Mirror Mark!

He wanted to test whether he could still sense the mark left in this
hidden space once he returned to the outside world.

Blood seeped from his palm into the mirror, forming an inverted image.

While waiting, Lumian suddenly had a thought: *Did my recent encounters
stack on negative effects from the Mirror Mark contract? This does
indeed pertain to mirror-related anomalies and bizarre
dangers...*

In the blink of an eye, Lumian had set the Mirror Mark.

Having done this, he began to retrace his steps, avoiding areas where
the silver full-length mirror could reflect him, and walked up the
wooden stairs.

Before long, Lumian's path brightened as he saw the wall lamps on either
side of the ship's cabin and the dim firelight.

He had returned to the Blue Avenger.

Upon reaching the front deck, before Lumian could ask Madam Magician to
retrieve the three items from his Traveler's Bag and perform their
appraisal, he heard the Major Arcana card holder chuckle and say, "As
expected of a Hunter with the status of a fake Angel and Tudor's remnant
aura. You obtained three items closely related to Hunters and Demonesses
in an instant.

"That sword is what you were hoping for---it's made from the
Iron-blooded Knight Beyonder characteristic."