---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2224
index: 748
section: vol5
slug: 748
title: Despair Ritual
---

## Chapter 748: Despair Ritual

Madam Magician confirmed Lumian's guess, "Yes, the remains of Omebella,
the Goddess of Harvest."

*The remains of the Goddess of Harvest... a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact...
contact should be possible and briefly usable...* Lumian asked
eagerly, "What are the other two prerequisites, besides merging with the
remnants of Omebella's umbilical cord?"

Magician laughed self-deprecatingly and said, "I really shouldn't have
told you this; it's spurred you to truly consider taking risks.

"Of course, as a high-ranking Astromancer, I can't say I didn't foresee
this. Telling you everything and letting you decide is my choice.

"The two prerequisites are:

"First, you must have been betrayed by a direct relative; second, you
must be female."

*Wh---* This clearly disappointed Lumian.

He felt he met the betrayal requirement, as his biological father had
abandoned him and his mother, leading to his grandfather's bankruptcy.
But why did he have to be a woman?

Madam Magician seemed to guess his thoughts.

"You barely meet the betrayal criterion. As for being female, in the
world of mysticism, there are ways to temporarily transform you into a
woman, such as a special mystical item from the Demoness pathway, which
doesn't necessarily require a high Sequence.

"That's true..." Lumian thought of the Lie earring.

Although it couldn't change his gender, its ability to alter appearances
or adjust height was equally magical.

If such items existed, then surely there must be artifacts that could
change one's gender, which, given Lumian's understanding of the Demoness
path, he believed to be almost certainly existent, albeit rare and
special.

Lumian's hope was rekindled about accessing Omebella's remains.

That was a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact!

Madam Magician, with a quirky expression, gave another reminder. "If you
truly consume Omebella's umbilical cord remnants and possess the
bloodline of the Great Mother, you will forever be unable to approach
Pride Armor.

"Your backstabbing of it would fade over time, but once you become a
false Omebella, it will target you first and always, unless there's
someone more special present who's worth targeting."

*Is this a manifestation of Pride Armor's hatred for the Earth pathway?
In future battles, if I'm nearby, Franca and the others won't be able to
use Pride Armor... However, between Pride Armor and a Grade 0 Sealed
Artifact, any sane person knows which to choose, even if the latter is
only for temporary use...* Lumian nodded, indicating he
understood.

Madam Magician didn't continue the topic.

"The deal with the Eternal Blazing Sun Church can move forward. Let me
know the agreed time and place for the transaction.

"That Sealed Artifact can't be transferred by you; it's too dangerous.
Have the Purifiers prepare to seal it on-site; she will appear herself."

"Alright." Lumian took this opportunity to relay other information he
had gathered in the past few days.

Hearing that the Demon Warlock Burman was influenced by Harrison from
Resurrection Island, wanting to touch the mark of deep death, and the
evil spirit he summoned and killed was suspected to be himself, Madam
Magician turned her head towards Mr. Hanged Man.

Lumian had previously heard from Madam Magician that the Tarot Club was
already investigating Resurrection Island, specifically Mr. Hanged Man
and Ma'am Hermit.

The one known as the 'Stormbringer' among the Major Arcana cards
thoughtfully said, "This is related to something I'm investigating.

"I can't reveal the specifics yet, but you should know Harrison is
likely to appear in places closely linked to death, darkness, dusk, and
decay. If you encounter someone of unknown origin in such scenarios,
remember to tell me."

*Death, darkness, dusk, decay... Truly someone from Resurrection
Island...* Lumian wasn't surprised by Mr. Hanged Man's hint.

He was more concerned about whether Resurrection Island's 'resurrection'
was indeed a true resurrection.

Madam Magician could read what he was pondering.

"I've said before, we aren't Beyonders of the Death pathway, so we don't
fundamentally understand the situation on Resurrection Island, and it's
difficult to have a precise view of their so-called 'resurrection.'
Maybe a direct encounter with Harrison or another islander will provide
the insights you're seeking.

"The only thing I can say now is, think about Demon Warlock Burman. His
condition had clearly worsened since Harrison led him to kill what
seemed to be his own evil spirit. The inhabitants of Resurrection Island
likely have issues.

"Heh, I was right last time when I said the Arden evil spirit might
still be alive after the related ritual."

Lumian fell silent.

___

Upon returning to Trier, Lumian promptly made his way to 9 Rue Orosai
and knocked on the door of Room 702.

"Why are you here again?" Franca opened the door with a look of disdain.

He had left less than an hour ago!

Fortunately, it was daytime. She hadn't been planning anything
yet---what if she had been scared out of her wits?

Lumian glanced at Jenna, who was curled up on the living room sofa with
a book, propping herself up to look at him. He smiled at the two
Demonesses and said, "I've managed to obtain the potion formula of the
Demoness of Despair.'"

"Ah?" Franca looked puzzled.

*Hadn't he just acquired the Iron-blooded Knight potion
formula?*

*Or had he accomplished something significant in the few minutes since
he left?*

Jenna was equally baffled, thinking Lumian was joking at first.

Despair was a Sequence 4 potion formula that contained the method humans
used to pry open the gates to godhood. How could it be obtained so
easily?

In a flash of thought, Franca and Jenna asked in unison:

"Did you go to the Blue Avenger?"

"Have you finished exploring the Blue Avenger?"

"Just a preliminary exploration," Lumian squeezed past Franca, smiling
as he spoke.

"You got the Demoness of Despair potion formula from just a preliminary
exploration?" Jenna asked, somewhat incredulously.

Lumian chuckled.

"That's one of the Blood Emperor's legacies. A Sequence 4 potion formula
should be considered pretty normal among the treasures."

"What else did you find?" Franca asked curiously after closing the door.

Lumian casually took a seat on an armchair and recounted his adventure
aboard the Blue Avenger, including his interactions with Madam Magician
and Mr. Hanged Man from start to finish.

"That corpse wax candle sounds rather sinister," Franca genuinely
exclaimed.

Jenna nodded in agreement, feeling like she had just heard a horror
story.

As a Beyonder of the Demoness pathway, friend of a Hunter, hearing that
the candle was made from the corpse oils of an Iron-blooded Knight and a
Demoness of Despair always made her inadvertently think of herself,
Franca, and Lumian.

Just as Jenna felt Franca had voiced her own thoughts, she heard her
female companion eagerly propose, "Last time in Fourth Epoch Trier, I
barely saw what that misty city looked like. You didn't describe it
clearly enough. Can I use that candle to make a pact and see the misty
city from inside or from the air?

"You guys be my guardians!"

"That candle burns very quickly. I only tried it once, and it used up a
fifth of it," Lumian thought aloud, "Let's wait for a chance to visit
Bansy Harbor or enter Fourth Epoch Trier, then you can try it. Besides,
Madam Magician said that without the Blood Emperor's residual aura, a
specific ritual is needed to assist, and no one knows yet what that
ritual is like. Maybe once we're in Bansy or Fourth Epoch Trier,
influenced by the environment, we won't need the ritual anymore."

"That'll do," Franca relented.

A corpse wax candle that could only be used four more times obviously
needed to be reserved for the best occasions.

Franca turned to Lumian. Franca, brimming with enthusiasm, said to
Lumian,

"Let's see the Demoness of Despair's potion formula."

"What's my reward?" Lumian joked.

Franca clicked her tongue.

"I'll keep an eye out at the Demoness Sect for any mystical items that
can change gender and give it to you for free."

With that, Franca's smile grew even brighter, her eyes sparkling.

"I really look forward to that day."

Jenna imagined it for a moment and found herself also a bit excited.

Considering the potential consequences of debating over this topic,
Lumian pretended to be at a loss for words and quickly took out a sheet
of delicate human skin from his Traveler's Bag and laid it on the coffee
table.

The three only glanced at the potion formula before swiftly moving away,
taking a moment before returning to continue.

After a few repeats, the contents of the Sequence 4 potion formula fully
emerged in their minds:

"Name: Despair;

"Sequence: 4;

"Main ingredients: Plague Mother Serpent's venom sac; Silver Hunter's
crystal;

"Supplementary ingredients: 10 milliliters of Plague Mother Serpent's
bile, three fragments of the Silver Hunter, a fresh branch of mistletoe,
and 10 milliliters of blood from seven victims who died from different
plagues.

"Ritual: Involve over thirty thousand people in a severe plague. The
more who die, the stronger the despair and suffering, the better the
ritual effect."

In a brief silence, Franca hissed, "Isn't this ritual too evil? I can't
do such a thing!"

She felt that if she succumbed to the urge to advance, to become a
demigod, and caused such a plague, she would truly fall and truly become
a Demoness!

Jenna shook her head, her face full of fear.

She couldn't imagine becoming that kind of person.

She would rather stay forever at the Demoness of Affliction Sequence!

"It's not just about being evil, it's obviously more difficult than the
Iron-blooded Knight's ascension ritual," Lumian said from another angle.

Using the capabilities of the Demoness of Affliction along with
auxiliary media and items, turning a contagion into a plague that swept
through thirty thousand people wasn't too challenging. However, in any
city with such a large population, official organizations existed, and
they would likely notice the outbreak soon after it began. That would
lead to targeted interventions and possibly even identification of the
disease's source---the Demoness of Affliction herself---leading to her
elimination.

If she avoided cities and spread the disease from one small town or
village to another, it would take an exceedingly long time. The longer
the process dragged on, the greater the chance of various mishaps that
could cause the ritual to fail. For example, discovery by the official
Beyonders, natural containment of the disease, or other unforeseen
events.

Compared to this, the Southern Continent might be more suitable for the
Demoness of Affliction to advance.

"Yes," Franca said with a pained expression, "Is there no way to bypass
this ritual? Or is there an equivalent, less evil ritual?"

Jenna racked her brain but couldn't think of any shortcuts that didn't
involve killing innocents.

Lumian, with a carefree smile, said, "It's simple. After you reach
Sequence 5, you could switch to Iron-blooded Knight. If you care---or
rather, prefer to remain a Demoness---you can then check whether the
ritual of the Demoness of Unaging is evil. If it isn't, you could switch
back."

"Uh..." Franca and Jenna were stunned.