---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2225
index: 749
section: vol5
slug: 749
title: Conjugate Captain and Members
---

## Chapter 749: Conjugate Captain and Members

After her initial shock, Franca pondered thoughtfully, *Maybe this idea
isn't so bad after all... Wasn't I originally aiming to become an
Iron-blooded Knight? But then there's Jenna...*

Seeing Franca silent, Lumian said with a meaningful smile, "There's no
need to take some things too seriously. We've all used Lie before and
changed our appearances, adapting quite well, haven't we? I once even
turned into a dog without any lingering trauma. As long as it's not
permanent and you can change back, occasionally switching things up can
actually be quite fun. Remember, you're just acting."

Lumian knew Jenna was already aware that the Demoness pathway led to
changes from male to female, whereas the Hunter's pathway did the
opposite, occurring at Sequence 7 Witch and Sequence 4 Iron-blooded
Knight.

He also knew Franca suspected Jenna was aware of this.

But since the Demoness of Pleasure wanted to continue deceiving herself,
he didn't mind helping a bit by keeping his words vague.

"Temporarily... If the ritual of the Demoness of Unaging isn't evil, I
can switch back... A Demoness of Unaging doesn't sound so evil..." Jenna
muttered to herself before saying, "I think Lumian's suggestion is worth
considering."

Franca nodded in agreement, on the verge of saying more but stopping
herself.

Jenna chuckled self-deprecatingly, "I'm only at Sequence 7, just a
Witch. Why am I even considering becoming a demigod and switching back
and forth?

"Dammit, it feels like when I first became Showy Diva. Though I was
always saving money to pay off debts, it didn't stop me from dreaming of
becoming a famous actress, earning thousands of verl d'or a year, and
wondering how I'd spend all that money..."

"Me too, me too," Franca echoed, attempting to explore the feasibility,
"If we switch, how do we complete the ritual for a thirty-person
Iron-blooded Knight team?"

Lumian clicked his tongue and continued, "You'd better pray that by then
I've become an Iron-blooded Knight. Having an Iron-blooded Knight as a
team member can significantly reduce the number of people required.
Besides, we already work well together."

"Is that possible?" Franca first instinctively felt there was a problem,
then muttered to herself, "A ritual is just a ritual. After it's done,
there's really no need to maintain the previous state, meaning the
captain and team members could swap places and form a new team again.
What do you call that? That's called recycling, sustainable
development!"

The more Franca thought about it, the more excited she became.

"Once I also become an Iron-blooded Knight, Jenna will have two demigod
teammates, plus Anthony and Lugano. She shouldn't need to look for
anyone else.

"If Ludwig is still with us by then, not having broken his seal, things
will be even simpler; we could be his godmothers!"

*We'd be Ludwig's godmothers, and Lumian would be his godfather...
Although this isn't anything amazing, there are many similar examples,
but still...* Jenna glanced at Franca, wanting to remind her of
something, but ultimately decided against it.

The more they discussed the details, the more awkward it got, so it was
best to leave them be.

With a new strategy to avoid the Demoness of Despair's ritual, Franca
and Jenna felt much better.

The former said to Lumian, "There's a mysticism gathering gathering in a
few days. Touch base with the Professor and others to probe whether any
members of the Moses Ascetic Order are among them. It's not too urgent
since Madam Judgement told me that the Tarot Club has informants inside
the Moses Ascetic Order who can provide the necessary information. But
I'm not sure if that informant belongs to the Trier region and knows the
local circumstances, while the Mirror Person, Griffith, is definitely in
Trier."

Lumian nodded and replied,"I also need to ask about the Harvest Priest
potion formula and corresponding materials. Boosting the team's strength
will help us complete the ritual later."

Jenna listened quietly for a while before interjecting, "Can you help
sell that Dream Stealer Beyonder characteristic for me? The level of the
mysticism gatherings I attend aren't high enough; nobody can afford an
item of that Sequence."

She was thinking about the Demoness of Pleasure potion materials she was
about to receive from the Eternal Blazing Sun Church. Franca's Pleasure
was almost digested, and it wasn't too good to still owe her companion
money. After all, she couldn't use the Dream Stealer Beyonder
characteristic herself.

Lumian could probably guess Jenna's thoughts, subtly gesturing towards
his Traveler's Bag.

His implication was clear: *you've seen my Iron-blooded Knight and
Demoness of Despair potion formulas; how come you haven't thought about
owing me a substantial debt?*

Lumian hoped this approach would make Jenna worry less about owing
money, suggesting she borrow more and hire an Artisan to turn the Dream
Stealer Beyonder characteristic into a mystical item for use.

The stronger you are, the easier it is to repay debts!

Sitting on the sofa, Jenna scoffed at Franca, gesturing towards Lumian.

Her message was clear: when I need to use those two potion formulas to
advance, I'll pay you back!

"I'll keep an eye out," Franca said, unaware of the silent conversation
between Lumian and Jenna.

She then said, "We can start gathering some supplementary ingredients
for Iron-blooded Knight and Demoness of Despair now, like the mud soaked
with soldiers' blood from a major battlefield and the blood of seven
victims of the plague, just to be prepared in case we're short on time
later. Who knows, by then, we might find another way to bypass the
plague ritual. Let's get ready now."

Hearing about the preparations for the potion, Lumian nodded and then
remembered something.

He stood up and walked over to the full-length mirror in the room,
pressing his right hand against it.

He then activated the contract ability from Bloody Jack, sensing the
mirror imprints he had left behind.

Soon, Lumian used the mirror and its otherworldly connection to detect
two imprints from afar---one clear and one blurry.

The clear one belonged to the full-length mirror in Moran Avigny's
study, while the blurry one changed on its own, shifting positions and
making it hard to track.

*I can sense it... That must be the imprint on the mirror inside the
Blue Avenger's vault... Using the link between the imprint and myself,
no matter how it blurs or shifts, I can teleport directly to it, as long
as I can step through the mirror*, Lumian pondered for a while
but decided not to borrow Franca's Mirror Cufflink for an experiment.

This was because his spiritual intuition and a warning from fate told
him that if he teleported to that imprint now, he might never return, or
he might return as Alista Tudor.

Withdrawing his hand, Lumian shared the results of his attempt with
Franca and Jenna.

Afterward, Jenna left to visit various hospital morgues. This was both
to look for opportunities to act as a Witch and to see if there were any
bodies that had died from severe contagious diseases.

With the Order of All Extinction and the Sick Church not yet eradicated
in Trier, there definitely were deaths from the plague, just not many
that could cause a widespread outbreak.

Standing by the window, Lumian saw Jenna appear on the street and turned
to Franca, saying,

"You might have to become a Demoness of Despair, so it would be good to
think about how to find an alternative to that ritual."

"Why must I?" Franca responded, clearly astonished.

Lumian chuckled. "Have you noticed that all the high-ranking members of
the Demoness Sect are Demonesses? Do you think it's because they can't
get their hands on the Iron-blooded Knight potion formula and Beyonder
characteristics?"

"But the Demoness Sect doesn't prohibit Demonesses from switching to the
Hunter pathway..."

"That's indeed a contradiction," Lumian speculated. "I suspect that
those angelic-tier Demonesses can't find higher Sequence Hunter pathway
Beyonder characteristics to change back into men, so they're not keen on
seeing their subordinates regain themselves. It has become an unspoken
rule. You know, most of the high-ranking Demonesses are twisted in
spirit, psychopathic, and enjoy seeing others in pain while hating to
see them happy."

According to the intelligence Lumian and Franca received from Madam
Magician and Madam Judgement, starting from Sequence 4, Hunters and
Demonesses could switch pathways, with gender determined by the highest
Sequence attained, and consuming potions of the same Sequence but from
neighboring pathways to enhance one's strength could cause significant
problems.

Franca was silent for a long moment before saying, "If I digest the
Affliction potion and still haven't found an alternative to the Despair
ritual, I'll request to end my mission with the Demoness Sect from Madam
Judgement. She should understand and wouldn't allow me to carry out
something like spreading a horrific plague."

After saying this, Franca relaxed and muttered, "Besides, wouldn't it be
odd if Jenna becomes an Iron-blooded Knight and I remain a Demoness by
then?"

"Life is short, why not give it a try?" Lumian jested.

Before Franca could react, Lumian leaped over the sofa with a stride and
headed out the door.

Bursts of black flames shot through the wooden door, chasing after
Lumian's back but gradually veering off target and dissipating into the
air.

Franca's curse still rang clear in Lumian's ears, "If you have what it
takes, try it yourself!"

With a grin, Lumian stepped out into the street.

Returning to his rented apartment, Lumian's smile faded.

Watching Ludwig eat, he pulled up a chair opposite him and casually
asked, "What ingredients or spices are needed for the third method of
cooking those umbilical remains?"

By the side, Lugano was taken aback. "What umbilical remains?"

Lumian smiled. "The umbilical remnant of the Child of God that Father
Montserrat was carrying."

Lugano's expression froze.