---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2232
index: 756
section: vol5
slug: 756
title: '"Farm" Team'
---

## Chapter 756: "Farm" Team

After finalizing the details of the real-world gathering through Madame
Hela's messenger, including the time, place, password, and method of the
meeting, Lumian quietly listened to the members of the Academy group
exchanging ideas, occasionally joining in the discussion.

With his current mastery of mysticism, he no longer needed to hide his
ignorance.

After a while, Lumian asked if anyone had the potion formula and related
ingredients for the Harvest Priest, but the answer was no.

He then walked over to another group near the ancient palace's gate.

Called the "Farm," it was a group of Curly-Haired Baboons Research
Society members who enjoyed planting and accumulating wealth. Lumian had
once overheard their everyday conversations about how many hectares they
had purchased, their plans to save for a ranch, their forest harvests,
the effectiveness of their compost, the Church of Earth Mother's batch
of modified wheat seeds suitable for arid regions, their growing
savings, and how work brought them joy.

After that, Lumian never eavesdropped again.

As he approached the Farm members, he smelled the earthy scents of soil,
fertilizer, grass, grains, and livestock---a familiar and comforting
aroma that transported him back to Cordu Village, back to his sister's
side.

The experienced Lumian instantly became alert.

*This... reminds me of life in Cordu for one thing, but on another
level, the acts of farming, herding, and harvesting resonate with the
Omebella bloodline within me. The Goddess of Harvest is indeed living up
to Her name; as expected of the Great Mother's Child of God...*
Lumian quickly figured out the reason.

Although consuming the remnants of Omebella's umbilical cord hadn't
enhanced his powers or abilities, it had attracted the Great Mother's
gaze, allowing creatures She had created or blessed to sense his
bloodline, though it hadn't been without effect.

Omebella's residual bloodline subtly altered his perceptions of certain
things, indirectly affecting his psyche.

As Lumian listened to the Farm group members discussing, he keenly
observed each person's reactions.

Although only creatures lacking necessary intellect would mistake him
for a child of the Great Mother, those who had received the Great
Mother's boons or were directly created by Her could sense the Omebella
bloodline in him, though they wouldn't misidentify him.

This would help Lumian determine through any unusual reactions among the
Farm group members whether they covertly worshiped the Great Mother.

After a few minutes, Lumian tentatively confirmed that none of the
Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society members in this area were
problematic.

He then mimicked Aurore's voice when she pressed her voice down, looked
around, and asked, "Does anyone have the Harvest Priest's potion formula
or related ingredients? If you're unwilling to disclose the formula, you
could sell me a ready-made Harvest Priest potion."

"Muggle, I thought you were a 'Warlock,'" a Farm group member called
"Breeder Master" asked, puzzled.

He was tall with a rugged, wild demeanor and wore a primitive tribal
mask made from animal fur.

"I know someone who needs it," Lumian laughed, "and I thought I might
make a small profit while helping out."

Breeder Master further inquired, "You should know that a ready-made
potion needs to be consumed quickly before it is absorbed by the
container and becomes a Sealed Artifact with strong negative effects.
Moreover, trading through Madame Hela's messenger would delay things.
You have to drink it immediately upon receipt. Will there be no issues?"

*Madame Hela's messenger sure is busy...* Lumian teased
inwardly. "No problem."

After questioning and observing, he was sure that the Doctor potion from
Lugano had been fully digested.

This was a Doctor who had treated an Angel and fake Angel!

After Ludwig was brutally beaten by Loki, it was Lugano who had treated
and healed his wounds. Lumian himself had received Lugano's treatments
on multiple occasions.

After contemplating for a moment, Breeder Master said, "20,000 gold
risot for a ready-made Harvest Priest potion.

"It's pricier than just buying the ingredients separately, but we have
to respect intellectual property rights. Normally, I'd charge between
30,000 and 35,000, but since we're all members of the society..."

About 40,000 verl d'or, Lumian nodded slightly in agreement.

"No problem."

He already had 19,000 gold risot in bills and coins on him, so he made
an upfront payment of 10,000, agreeing to pay the balance upon receipt
of the potion.

They brought in 007 from the Sanctuary group to notarize the agreement.

"Pleasure doing business," said Breeder Master with a smile to Muggle as
he pocketed the deposit.

He then turned to other members of the Farm group and exclaimed, "Now I
have the funds for more experiments! I've been studying those mushrooms
created by the legendary Druid Frank Lee. I find his philosophy
intriguing and worth following.

"Given the myriad supernatural beings in this world, including
Beyonders, why not merge the blood, flesh, milk of these beings with
ordinary plants? Whether through hybridization or genetic modification,
with the aid of mystical powers, it can be done relatively easily, and
after several generations, the traits stabilize, resulting in plants
with magical effects but no Beyonder characteristics..."

As Lumian listened, a strange unease began to form within him.

He never felt this way even when discussing death-related topics with
the Purgatory group!

The first time he heard the name Frank Lee was in the Cordu Village
dream, where an official Beyonder named Ryan mentioned a saying that
circulated at sea: "I'd rather come face to face with Pirate Admirals or
even Kings than run into a bloke named Frank Lee."

Later, when Lumian was at sea, he heard no rumors about Frank Lee, nor
did he know if Ryan was exaggerating in the dream or if those who knew
of Frank Lee's deeds dared not or chose not to mention him again.

Sanctuary team.

Franca looked towards a member nicknamed "Someone" and asked with a
smile, "Weren't you looking for the Marauder pathway Sequence 5 Dream
Stealer's Beyonder characteristic? Still need it? I just got one from a
friend.

"If you don't want it, I'll go to an Artisan to craft a mystical item
with that Beyonder characteristic."

Someone, wearing an eyepatch-style black half-face mask, sized up Franca
and replied, "It seems your friend isn't you.

"I don't need it anymore, but wouldn't mind another.

"One flat rate, 5000 pounds."

*That's about 120,000 verl d'or...* Franca laughed and said,
"200,000 verl d'or, not a coin less."

"Someone" calculated for a moment and countered, "150,000 verl d'or at
best, or forget it."

Franca thought for a few seconds and said, "You can pay in two
installments, the first right now of 120,000 verl d'or, and the second
of 60,000 within three months of receiving the Beyonder characteristic,
secured by 007's notarization to enforce the contract."

Someone paused to think, then asked with a smile, "Aren't you worried
I'll default after getting the Beyonder characteristic? A Notary's
notarization isn't foolproof, remember, I was once a renowned Swindler."

Franca smiled. "Who's better, you or Bard?"

Someone fell silent.

"Bard has already been dealt with by me and my comrades. Unless you're
willing to give up a very useful trading platform over 60,000 verl d'or,
I'm not worried about you defaulting, your Beyonder characteristics are
also quite valuable." Franca, who had mafia ties, made her intimidating
remark as casually as discussing what's for dinner.

"It won't be long before I surpass him," replied Someone after a few
seconds, "Deal!"

"No rush," Franca said with a smile, "The final payment must be in
gold."

___

In the following days, Lumian had no particular business and wandered
around Trier, tracking several Mirror People and looking for Harrison's
whereabouts based on intelligence provided by 007.

He was supposed to collect a reward from Mr. K, but his heart resisted,
and he kept delaying.

Franca completed her transaction with Someone from the Sanctuary group,
receiving a down payment composed of bills and coins totaling 5000
pounds.

She also gave Jenna 15,000 verl d'or in bills, stipulating that the
remaining payment of 60,000 verl d'or in gold belonged entirely to her.

Jenna lost the Dream Stealer Beyonder characteristic but also paid off
the 45,000 verl d'or she owed Franca, now possessing 16,000 verl d'or
and gold Loen pound worth 120,000 verl d'or.

She had never been so wealthy before.

She always knew that potion formulas and Beyonder characteristics were
valuable and even knew their approximate price range, but she had never
paid in full in one go nor truly sold any until now. Now she was
experiencing what it felt like to earn money like the Pirate Hunter
Gehrman Sparrow.

That evening, just as Lumian returned to his rented apartment planning
to change his clothes and muster the courage to see Mr. K, the wall lamp
in his room suddenly tinged with eerie green and pale colors.

They blended bizarrely together.

Then, Lumian saw his messenger, the mummified Penitent in a black clergy
robe, emerge from the void.

Almost simultaneously, Madame Hela's messenger, a skull made of pure
silver, appeared shrouded in darkness.

Shortly after, the silhouette of a doll messenger rapidly took shape.

"..." Lumian was somewhat stunned.

*Would the messengers fight each other?*

*Do I have three letters?*

*One should be for the Harvest Priest potion, another likely a Sealed
Artifact made from the Beyonder characteristics of Hisoka, but what
about the third?*