---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2233
index: 757
section: vol5
slug: 757
title: Harvest Priest
---

## Chapter 757: Harvest Priest

As Penitent Baynfel and the pure silver skull appeared, the doll
messenger, dressed in a pale gold mini dress, instantly floated beside
Lumian as if confronting the other two messengers.

The pure silver skull set down a burlap bag on the desk from its mouth
amidst the surrounding darkness, then fixed its burning pale eyes on
Lumian.

Penitent Baynfel dropped a folded letter and silently returned to the
spirit world, vanishing from the room.

Lumian wanted to take this opportunity to chat with his messenger about
his past and ask about his relationship with the True Creator, but given
the circumstances, he had to suppress his curiosity and focus on the
pure silver skull instead.

Lumian picked up the burlap bag, which resembled a book bag, and pulled
out an aluminum flask.

Behind him, the doll messenger floated closer, curiously looking on.

Lumian unscrewed the grayish-white flask to find a golden liquid inside,
brimming with white foam.

If it weren't for the lack of a malty scent, he would have thought it
was beer.

He took out a piece of paper from the burlap bag, written in ancient
Feysac by Madame Hela:

"It is indeed the Harvest Priest potion.

"It needs to be drunk within 15 minutes, or you will end up with a
alcohol flask that could bring harvests."

Seeing that Madame Hela had helped with the identification and there was
a notarized contract in place, Lumian immediately took out the remaining
9000 gold risot from his Traveler's Bag and the 1000 gold risot notes he
had exchanged in the last two days.

"This is the final payment." Lumian put the gold risot into the burlap
bag and handed it to the skull made of pure silver.

The pure silver skull bit down on the burlap bag, merged with the
surrounding darkness, and disappeared in an instant.

Lumian then turned his head and said with a smile to the doll messenger,
"What's your take?"

The doll messenger snorted.

"I will surpass them eventually!

"I will become the first, no, the second most powerful messenger in this
world!"

"Quite ambitious," Lumian replied, half-seriously, half in jest.

He wasn't surprised by the doll messenger's response; he already knew
about the special nature of Penitent Baynfel and the pure silver skull.

The doll messenger then hurled a dark, translucent orb, resembling a
crystal ball but more ethereal, towards Lumian, who easily caught it.
Inside the bent, transparent barrier, a glossy black bone ring floated,
its surface carved with the twisted, agonizing face of a demon, whose
eyes contained two vague shadows.

After letting the folded letter fall to the surface of the desk, the
doll messenger also left Lumian's room.

*It is indeed a Sealed Artifact made from Hisoka's Beyonder
characteristics...* Lumian couldn't afford to check the
artifact's effects and impacts right away, so he stored the dark
transparent orb and the folded letter first, and then began to read the
letter brought by his messenger.

The letter was very brief:

"Seven of Wands:

"Do you still remember your promise? We now need your help.

"If you don't have other important matters recently, please meet us at
the following coordinates, where I will tell you the details."

___

"Knight of Swords."

*Knight of Swords needs help...* Lumian came to a realization.

In the incident of the sea prayer ritual, he had asked this Minor Arcana
card holder, working under Ma'am Hermit, for help. At the time, he did
not ask for a payment but mentioned that he might need a bit of help if
he went to the Southern Continent, to which he readily agreed.

*Fortunately, I'm relatively free lately.* Lumian put away the
letter from the Knight of Swords, screwed the cap back on the
grayish-white flask, and walked out of the room with it in hand.

Lugano was cleaning up the plates and cutlery that Ludwig had left
behind.

"Your Harvest Priest potion has arrived," Lumian stated calmly.

Lugano froze, a look of confusion washing over his face.

After a few seconds, he pointed to the flask in his employer's hand and
asked, "This?"

"Yes, it looks more drinkable than the potions from the Hunter pathway,"
Lumian chuckled as he shook the flask. "You have ten minutes to decide
whether you want to drink it."

"Ten minutes?" Lugano exclaimed, startled.

Lumian nodded.

"No, eight minutes.

"If you haven't made up your mind in eight minutes, I'll find a stray
dog downstairs or catch a rat and feed it this potion."

"Don't I need to prepare mentally and physically?" Fear was written all
over Lugano's face.

*This seems too casual, doesn't it?*

*This is a potion, after all!*

If his mental and physical state weren't right, he could either turn
into a monster or die on the spot!

"Only seven minutes left now," Lumian reminded with a smile. "Your
condition is fine; you just need to relax and remember that you are
Ludwig's nanny and family doctor."

"Is that really okay?" Lugano still couldn't believe it.

"Six minutes," Lumian said coldly.

"..." Lugano was stunned.

How could time pass so quickly?

Gritting his teeth, he replied, "Alright!

But I need to drink it in Underground Trier."

"Hmm?" Lumian raised an eyebrow.

Lugano quickly explained, "I feel that standing on the earth helps me
maintain my state while drinking the potion."

"The Earth pathway, huh..." Carrying the grayish-white flask, Lumian
turned and walked out of the room.

Lugano followed, pulling out a bunch of banknotes from his pocket.

"This is all my savings, 15,000 verl d'or.

"You said before, the rest would be covered by you."

Lumian nodded nonchalantly and accepted the 15,000 verl d'or without
hesitation.

He still had 86,000 verl d'or, including a few coins and gold bars.

Once on the street, Lumian headed directly to the nearest entrance to
Underground Trier. A stray dog passed by, barking as if to threaten
them.

Lumian chuckled and "tested" Lugano, "Can you understand what it's
saying?"

With his mind full of thoughts about the Harvest Priest potion, Lugano
asked in astonishment, "Y-you can understand? Do you have a mystical
item from a Beast Tamer?"

Lumian laughed to himself. "It says, 'I heard you're going to feed me a
portion of the Harvest Priest potion; why haven't you given it to me
yet?'"

"..." Lugano then realized his employer was joking.

On second thought, Lugano felt like he was being mocked by his employer.

*He's implying that I'm a stray dog!*

*I was indeed wondering why he hasn't given me the Harvest Priest potion
yet...*

Once in Underground Trier, Lumian expertly navigated to a deserted
tunnel and tossed the grayish-white flask at Lugano.

As Lugano fumbled to catch the flask, Lumian coldly reminded, "Two
minutes left."

Lugano took a deep breath, unscrewed the cap, and saw the potion inside
that looked like beer.

He began to recall how he had cared for and treated Ludwig, using this
memory to slightly relax his tense spirit.

After a few seconds and two deep breaths, Lugano raised the
grayish-white flask and gulped down the potion.

Lumian, who made a ball of bright white flame as a light source,
silently watched, observing the various changes in Lugano's body.

He had not forgotten that his "servant" was quite unusual; he could stay
conscious during the Dream Festival!

Lugano's face quickly twisted in agony, as if experiencing the pain of
Ludwig biting off his arm again.

Lumian saw his feet slowly sinking into the soil, the hairs on his
exposed skin visibly thickening and lengthening, and his brown hair
doing the same, his brown eyes losing focus.

After a while, the transformations stopped, and Lugano's expression
gradually eased.

*It went smoothly... He fits the Planter pathway well... I'm not sure if
this is due to his own anomalies...* Lumian muttered silently,
watching as Lugano's eyes slowly regained clarity and reason.

He asked in a relaxed posture, "What abilities have you gained?"

Although it was frowned upon in the mystical world to inquire about the
details of someone's Beyonder abilities, who could be blamed because the
person across from him was his "servant"?

Lugano saw no problem with this, checking his condition while savoring
the acquired mystical knowledge.

"My healing capabilities have expanded. I can now cure diseases in
plants and fields...

"I can also catalyze seeds, making them grow or reproduce faster.

"This divides into two scenarios: the first is placing both hands on the
earth, which allows seeds and plants within a thirty-meter radius to
grow or reproduce much faster than normal, though not instantaneously
complete their lifecycle from gestation to returning to the land in a
few seconds or minutes. The second is directly holding some seeds or
plants and fully catalyzing the life contained within them.

"The latter scenario allows me, in a very short time, to create a large
amount of vines, which can be used to entangle and control enemies."

Hearing this, Lumian thoughtfully asked, "So you can only fully catalyze
the life contained within plants, and it can't be used on humans?"

"No." Lugano shook his head.

Lumian continued, "If you encounter a creature that is essentially a
plant but has intelligence, could you, by direct contact, cause all of
its life to burst forth in seconds or tens of seconds, completing its
entire life cycle?"

"First, I'd need to be able to touch it..." Lugano indicated that this
was dangerous and not something he, not specialized in combat, could
manage.

He added, "Plus, I'm not sure it would have the effect you're
imagining."

Lumian nodded almost imperceptibly, signaling Lugano to continue.

Lugano gathered his thoughts and said, "If I could obtain seeds of
different mutant plants, my catalytic abilities could play a significant
role in combat.

"I can also command plants and insects within a thirty-meter radius to
provide me with appropriate support, as long as it does not exceed their
species limitations. However, intelligent ones won't work.

"I've also gained a few ritual spells, mainly for summoning rain or
clearing the skies."