---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2234
index: 758
section: vol5
slug: 758
title: Devil's Whispers
---

## Chapter 758: Devil's Whispers

*This really leans towards the concept of harvest... If I could obtain
seeds from magical plants or be in an environment dominated by magical
plants and special insects, the Harvest Priest's combative abilities
using mystical means wouldn't be too bad; they might even be
impressively effective...*

*The Beyonder ability to directly catalyze plants to unleash their full
life force has vast imaginative possibilities. Unfortunately, a Harvest
Priest's direct combat ability is limited. If Lugano were a Sealed
Artifact and I were to use it, things would be completely
different...*

Amid these thoughts, Lumian looked at Lugano and asked, "Have there been
any enhancements to your body?"

"There are some, but not many," Lugano replied honestly.

Lumian nodded and pulled out a letter from his pocket sent along with
Hisoka's Sealed Artifact from Madam Magician, reading it with the aid of
the bright white light orb floating above his head.

"Temporarily named: Devil's Whisper.

"Positive effects:

"1. Devil's Arm:

"To minimize the negative effects and make it easy to use, the Beyonder
ability of this bone ring is reduced. Originally Devil Transformation
targets the entire body, it now only affects the arm wearing Devil's
Whisper.

"It causes the arm to swell, darken, and sprout sinister patterns, as if
covered with a thick layer of armor. The flesh becomes highly elastic
and resistant, minimizing damage.

"The arm in question becomes immune to most poisons, resistant to curses
and fire to a certain degree, and significantly stronger.

"2. Malice Perception:

"For the same reason, Malice Perception granted by this ring only helps
you sense whether people around you bear ill will towards you, not to
detect looming dangers. Make do with it.

"3. Desire Incarnation:

"This is a power I specifically requested the Artisan to emphasize,
sacrificing the chance to obtain other powerful effects. Moreover, to
ensure its full manifestation, I agreed to slightly increase the ring's
negative effects.

"It can transform your body into a shadowy black liquid composed of
various emotions and desires, helping you avoid damage, conceal your
movements, and affect your enemies.

"This sounds quite useful, but is it worth my special request to the
Artisan? You'll understand why once you use it."

Upon reading this, Lumian muttered to himself, *So, by suppressing the
reduced negative impacts of the first two positive effects, some of the
impact has returned in the Desire Incarnation ability? What makes it so
special for Madam Magician to do this?*

Lumian didn't rush to experiment and continued reading.

"4. Wraith Shriek

"By rubbing the demon relief on the ring's face and emitting a loud
sound, you can create an effect similar to Wraith Shriek that can
rupture the eardrums of living beings and harm their spirits. The closer
they are to you, the better the effect.

"Negative effects:

"After wearing it, your malice will become more pronounced. If you can't
control yourself and indulge in malice, you'll gradually slip into the
Abyss and eventually be controlled by the malice of this ring, meaning,
if you indulge in malice while wearing it, you will become its puppet,
and it will be the driver, you the driven.

"While it's not that a single indulgence in malice will result in being
controlled, it's hard for humans who have tasted the sweet lure of
malice not to continue.

"According to my estimates, the conspicuous malice combined with the
existing negative effects of the contract ability will negate all your
endurance from Ascetic and your own willpower, making you unable to
withstand further emotional and desire stimuli.

"Moreover, whether worn or not, just carrying it will cause your body to
suffer burns from sulfur flames, both internally and externally. Placing
it in the Traveler's Bag can effectively mitigate this effect. As a
Pyromaniac who has reached Sequence 5, you can withstand these burns for
a longer period, but be mindful of the sulfur's toxic effects and treat
it promptly.

"Furthermore, including yourself, people within a hundred meters radius
will be subtly influenced by the Devil's Whisper, more prone to ill
thoughts and impulsive actions. This can also be mitigated by placing it
in the Traveler's Bag."

*The rest is okay, but after wearing Devil's Whisper, my emotions and
desires will become my greatest weaknesses...* Lumian assessed
this Sealed Artifact from Hisoka.

Its sealing is relatively simple, requiring only spatial isolation.
Combined with Lumian's strong endurance, he could totally use it as a
mystical item.

Lumian then pulled out the pitch-black bone ring, wrapped in a dark
transparent barrier, from another pocket. He pressed his hand against
the sphere and slowly reached inside.

His right hand felt like it was moving through a dense swamp, struggling
to touch the ring.

At the same time, the dark sphere silently crumbled, unfolded on its
own, and merged with the surrounding void.

Lumian then slipped Devil's Whisper onto his left index finger.

His body suddenly liquefied and became ethereal.

He turned into a pool of thick black liquid. Lugano, who only glanced at
him, shivered uncontrollably, chilled to the bone as if he had seen the
most sinister and hidden desires and emotions deep within the human
heart.

The newly-advanced Harvest Priest impulsively asked Lumian, who had just
returned to human form from a black liquid state, "When can we return to
the surface?"

Lumian gave him an icy glance, his blue eyes seemingly harboring a
darkness that no light could penetrate.

Lugano shuddered violently, a familiar fear creeping back as he
stuttered, "J-just asking."

Lumian cracked a slightly mad smile and slowly removed the Devil's
Whisper, placing it back into the Traveler's Bag.

He now understood why Madam Magician had specifically requested this
ability.

His desires and emotions were not entirely his own!

A smaller part of his emotions and desires stemmed from his fate linked
to Termiboros, from the residual aura of the Blood Emperor, and from the
bloodline of Omebella. Normally, these would only affect him, but using
Desire Incarnation, these emotions and desires could be materialized and
thus exert some influence on the outside world and his enemies.

*If I were to envelop a Sequence 4 Saint in the Desire Incarnation form,
that demigod would likely suffer from the corresponding emotional and
desire corruption... But this method of attack means I'm forgoing
evasion to face the backlash head-on*, Lumian mused briefly,
fairly satisfied with this Sealed Artifact.

Facing a demigod, evasion was sometimes futile---better to fight it out!

And both the Sword of Courage and Devil's Whisper gave him that chance.

___

When night fully descended, Lumian arrived at the headquarters of the
Psychic magazine, located at 19 Rue Scheer in Avenue du Boulevard, and
met Mr. K in the basement.

Mr. K, wearing a wide hood, warmly said, "Let us pray to the Lord
first."

Lumian nodded slightly and closed his eyes.

His thoughts tightly wrapped, not drifting outward.

After a while, he and Mr. K opened their eyes simultaneously.

Mr. K, with a hoarse but fervent voice, said, "Congratulations, you are
now a candidate Oracle.

"This is the greatest reward, being closer to the Lord is the greatest
reward for us!

"Afterwards, wherever you go, you can contact the local Oracles or
members of the Aurora Order, followers of the Lord, to request their
help.

"If there are no Saints or Oracles locally, you have the authority to
call upon all resources there, including personnel, money, intelligence,
and materials."

*Is this the Aurora Order's reward, elevating my authority and
status?* Lumian made the sign of the cross over his chest and
said in a hoarse voice, "Praise you for creating all. Praise you for
bearing the world's sins!"

Mr. K nodded in satisfaction.

"There are no other rewards for now, let's continue to investigate the
matter of the vortex."

"Okay," Lumian quietly breathed a sigh of relief.

If Mr. K had offered material rewards, he would have hesitated to accept
them.

It's not that he was worried about the items themselves being marked by
that entity; after all, he was already under surveillance, so a little
more wouldn't make a difference. His reluctance was more psychological.

Lumian pondered for a moment and then informed Mr. K, "I might be
heading to the Southern Continent again soon to wrap up some previous
matters, not sure how long I'll need."

"Alright," Mr. K nodded gently, "Which area specifically?"

"Not sure yet," Lumian answered truthfully.

He really didn't know.

Mr. K didn't inquire further.

"We have Saints and Oracles on the Southern Continent, and many
followers of the Lord operating secretly there. Once you determine the
specific location, I can help you contact the person responsible for
that area."

"Thank you, Mr. K," Lumian said, expressing his gratitude.

Mr. K corrected him, "No need for thanks; we are all Oracles now, not
being equals is disrespectful to the Lord."

Lumian was momentarily speechless.

He casually asked, "Mr. K, that cathedral you took me to last time, does
it have any significant meaning within our Aurora Order?"

Mr. K replied fervently, "That was the first cathedral established by
our Aurora Order."

*Is it related to Baynfel?* Lumian asked a few more indirect
questions from different angles, then took his leave.

Returning to Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, he informed Franca
and Jenna about the Knight of Swords' request and then activated the
black mark on his right shoulder, beginning the teleportation.

He moved between layers of pure color blocks and indescribable bizarre
creatures, not knowing how long it took, but he finally arrived at the
location indicated in the Knight of Swords's letter.

The first thing that caught Lumian's eyes were several pale-faced men
and women, like bodyguards, surrounding the Knight of Swords with
somewhat disheveled brown hair, a suppressed look in his eyes, dressed
in a white shirt and black vest.