---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2238
index: 762
section: vol5
slug: 762
title: The Flirting Showcase
---

## Chapter 762: The Flirting Showcase

Although limited by the variety of local ingredients, St. Millom
Restaurant's menu appeared thick, yet it didn't offer an extensive
variety of dishes. However, relatively speaking, a whole book's worth of
menu items couldn't possibly be too few---it was enough to make a dozen
adults feel stuffed.

The restaurant's waiter was a local, but he spoke fluent Feysacian,
Loenese, and Intisian, completely understanding Lumian's order without
any confusion.

He was about to double-check when he saw the customer from Intis bring
out a thick stack of gold hoorn.

This was the currency of the Feysac Empire, commonly used in the Raklev
area---before teleporting to the Southern Continent that morning, Lumian
had specifically gone to a nearby bank to exchange some cash at a higher
rate of 4.4 verl d'or for one gold hoorn, but the cash he now produced
wasn't his own; it was activity funds provided by the Knight of Swords,
Maric.

"All of it?" The waiter, diligent and thorough, made one last inquiry.

"All of it," Lumian confirmed, earning Ludwig's approval.

After a while, dishes like beet soup, red wine beef stew, cream-fried
cod, caviar, grilled meat skewers, appetizer salad, thick-cut steaks,
and Feysac pies were served one by one.

Ludwig was utterly immersed in a sea of flavors, and Lumian, too, let
himself indulge.

As a Sequence 5 Reaper, his appetite was already not small, and
similarly, Harvest Priest Lugano, starting as a Planter, was eating more
and more.

After nearly filling their stomachs, as Lumian savored the salty, fishy
burst of the caviar in his mouth and awaited the arrival of dessert, he
pondered over the recent events.

*Why did Ludwig just vaguely sense the presence of the bird-clawed baby,
and then in the blink of an eye, it vanished?*

*Could it be that we were exactly thirty meters apart, and just one step
further would break the range of perception?*

*This is too coincidental... If it were arranged, they would have let
Ludwig keep sensing it...*

*If Ludwig could sense the bird-clawed baby, could the baby also sense
its 'mother' approaching? Did it detect the deceased 'mother' appearing
in an unnatural way and immediately leave the area or hide, severing the
connection between them?*

*This explanation is more reasonable, not reliant on
coincidence...*

*Now the question arises, if it wasn't a coincidence, why did the
bird-clawed baby appear on this street?*

*It couldn't possibly just be passing by and happened to bump into us,
right? If it truly is the law of convergence, it's still unclear whether
it's due to a bloodline connection or a law of repulsion...*

Lumian picked up the napkin that was on his lap, folded it neatly, and
stood up, pushing the stack of gold hoorn to Lugano.

"I'll take a walk nearby to see if there's anything worth buying; you
take care of Ludwig and remember to pay for the meal."

"Sure," Lugano was happy to remain seated without moving.

Lumian left St. Millom Restaurant with a leisurely gait, taking in all
the shops and pedestrians along the street.

There were banks, candy stores, cafés, and shops selling Feysacian
imported goods, with no suspicious individuals in sight.

The passersby were mostly Feysacians and Raklev locals, the latter often
carrying talismans made from their relatives' skulls---some wore them as
hats, others strung them into necklaces, and some sewed them onto their
clothing at the shoulder.

*It is not apparent who might attract the bird-clawed baby and its
associates here, nor which building might harbor something
unusual...* Lumian pondered as he walked along the street,
hoping for a "chance encounter."

Unfortunately, this did not happen.

Finally, he finished his stroll along the street and returned to St.
Millom Restaurant.

The two Demonesses leisurely enjoyed a lavish Feysacian meal, their
prominent position and striking looks drawing the gaze of everyone who
came and went. Some even made a point of passing by their table
repeatedly.

Lumian took the opportunity to admire the Demonesses' beauty.

Suddenly, a thought struck him:

*Ludwig only sensed the bird-clawed baby near St. Millom
Restaurant...*

*Franca and Jenna were right here in the restaurant...*

*Could it be that they truly attracted the attention of Oxyto, the
Shaman King, who personally brought or sent the bird-clawed baby to
track them, looking for an opportunity to strike?*

*Upon discovering the scent of a deceased 'mother' on Ludwig and sensing
my Child of God bloodline, did Oxyto abandon his original plan,
temporarily leaving this area or completely hiding?*

*This logic flows smoothly; there's no issue, but how could the guardian
demigod of the temperance faction completely miss Oxyto's
presence?*

*A Shaman King is adept at concocting various magical agents and
conducting rituals, perhaps using one to evade normal premonitions and
intuitions?*

*Or could it be some other method?*

Lumian quickly reviewed the intelligence provided by the temperance
faction about the Shaman King.

His steps slowed, seemingly captivated by the beauty and charm of the
two Demonesses, reluctant to look away.

After analyzing the information on the Apothecary pathway up to Sequence
4 Shaman King, Lumian considered that Oxyto might have also received a
boon, transitioning to female, and he recalled the information he knew
about the Heretic Spellmaster pathway.

In a flash of thought, a term came to mind: *Paramita!*

Paramita exists in its own right, dependent on the land, and its
activities cannot be detected from the outside...

*Did Oxyto use some application of Paramita to evade the gaze of the
temperance faction's demigod and follow Franca and Jenna
undetected?*

*Hmm, were those bird-clawed babies taken into Paramita after they
crawled out of their 'mothers'?*

*With Paramita clearly involving the domain of death, were these
'mothers' dead before the bird-clawed babies tore out?*

*In that case, from birth, they bear a strong taint of death, seamlessly
blending into Paramita...*

*Just now, Paramita was unfolding, watching Franca and Jenna, waiting to
make a move, and upon sensing the presence of the deceased 'mother' and
the bloodline of a Child of God, Paramita immediately retracted, cutting
off this close connection?*

*No wonder Ludwig's sensing of the bird-clawed baby was so vague... it
was because it was inside Paramita!*

*Moreover, the local Skull Blessing Festival clearly reveres death,
which can be linked to Paramita... Could Oxyto's deep-seated purpose for
coming to the Raklev region be hidden in this?*

With his speculation, Lumian approached Franca and Jenna's table with a
genuine smile and politely asked in Intisian---like any real Intisian
would do,

"May I have the honor of sitting here for a few minutes, beautiful
ladies?"

Franca replied in amusement, "Are you also from Intis?"

She knew Lumian's approach wasn't simply to chat her up; he must have
another purpose, so she played along very cooperatively.

"Yes, which is why I felt a connection as soon as I saw you," Lumian
fully utilized the pickup lines he'd learned from everyday life in
Trier.

At a nearby table, several men who were covertly listening in thought
simultaneously:

*Damn Intisians!*

*Curse those Intisian playboys!*

Jenna's response was natural, tinged with a hint of wariness and
surprise. "Are you here in Raklev for travel or business?"

As she spoke, Jenna signaled the waiter, who brought over a chair for
Lumian beside their table.

Lumian sat down and said to the two Demonesses,"Your beauty is like
something out of a dream. No, even in my dreams, I haven't seen anyone
as beautiful as you. You must have caught many an eye along the way?"

*Dammit, these sweet nothings are giving me goosebumps!* At this
moment, Franca would have preferred if Lumian mocked her.

Of course, she was still secretly pleased; after all, she had heard from
Browns Sauron that every Demoness who had transitioned from male would
have a bit of narcissism---fond of and proud of her feminine self.

Jenna felt both discomfort and amusement, much like encountering a
pretentious drunkard while playing a Witch.

Her acting was good; she showed no oddity and smiled mockingly. "Really?
Would you dare to look into my eyes and say that again?"

Seeing the handsome young man genuinely sit beside the beautiful ladies
and engage in pleasant conversation, seemingly stirring emotions, the
surrounding men lamented, *How can they be so superficial, only
considering looks? That's how you get deceived!*

Lumian laughed, looking into Jenna's eyes and said, "The moment I saw
you, I knew what true beauty was."

"..." *How can this guy say such things without feeling
nauseous?* Jenna avoided Lumian's gaze, answering his earlier
question, "You know, some gazes make one feel uncomfortable."

"Any gaze more peculiar than others?" Lumian asked with a smile.

Franca, understanding what he was probing for, shook her head. "No."

Lumian nodded pensively.

"The weather here is rather cold; did you feel something similar
earlier?"

Franca recalled for a moment, pursed her lips, and said, "It started a
bit on Chapin Street and lasted until just before the beet soup was
served; the soup was warm and made us no longer feel cold."

Paramita that involves the realm of death made the surroundings feel a
bit colder? Lumian said with a smile to Franca, "Perhaps that's the lack
of a reliable man's warmth."

Franca's face twitched, and she communicated with Lumian using her eyes
and lips.

*Please, no more playing the playboy!*

As the three conversed, the image of a woman wearing a petite black cap
and light golden bun appeared faintly on the surface of a gold-leaf
mirror embedded in the wall.

She rested her chin in her hand, her gaze occasionally focused on Lumian
and Jenna, then shifting between Lumian and Franca, and assessing Franca
and Jenna.