---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2242
index: 766
section: vol5
slug: 766
title: Early Labor
---

## Chapter 766: Early Labor

Gazing at the young man wearing red gloves, Franca cautiously asked,
"Who might you be?"

She wasn't about to trust a stranger just because of what he said unless
influenced by some Beyonder power.

"Two of Cups, Seven of Cups. You don't need to be involved in what's
coming next," said the young man in red gloves directly, calling Franca
and Jenna by their Minor Arcana names. His voice carried the natural
authority of someone used to leading many people, instilling a faint
sense of fear in Franca and the others.

*He knows our Tarot Club codenames... A member of the Tarot Club? One of
the Knight of Swords' helpers? His outfit looks like those "Red Gloves"
from the Church of Evernight Goddess...* As Franca pondered, she
didn't sense any warning from her spiritual intuition.

Before she could respond, the young man in red gloves pulled out a tarot
card.

The card's front depicted a goddess pouring holy water under a sky full
of stars.

Major Arcana, The Star!

*So, it's Mr. Star...* Franca and Jenna hesitated no longer and
nodded in unison, saying, "Okay."

Lugano stood there, a bit dazed.

*Why did he take out a card?*

*I think I've heard of something like this, but I can't
remember...*

Almost simultaneously, Anthony appeared out of nowhere and squeezed in
beside Franca and Jenna.

Franca was startled for a moment, muttering to herself, "I really did
forget about you..."

Mr. Star didn't say much more. He opened his mouth slightly.

In an instant, Franca and the others were enveloped by a vast, invisible
spirit, and then they ascended into the layered, colorful spirit world,
like they were traveling in a hot air balloon.

___

Along the city's periphery, covered in crystalline ice, Lumian, wearing
the Eggers family's golden mask, withdrew his gaze.

He could roughly guess that the blurry figures in his eyes were the
temperance faction's demigods responsible for this operation. One of
them, headless, seemed to resemble the temperance faction's Angel he had
seen before. The translucent insects crawling in and out of his mouth
were likely helpers invited by the temperance faction.

*How many people have taken residence in my body just now?*
Lumian grumbled internally as he followed the Knight of Swords, Maric,
in a mad dash.

They entered the wilderness outside Raklev under the pale, cold
"sunlight," heading swiftly toward Lake Dalsh.

Due to the unique influence of Paramita, Lumian couldn't teleport
anywhere beyond his line of sight. He had to use a visual lock to
establish a position, which made it challenging to appear instantly at
the edge of Lake Dalsh.

After running some distance, he reached out and grabbed the Knight of
Swords' shoulder.

Almost simultaneously, blazing white flames surged from within him,
instantly covering his entire body.

The Knight of Swords understood his intent without asking and promptly
dematerialized into a wraith, attaching himself to Lumian.

Lumian transformed into a white-hot spear and shot off into the distance
in a brilliant display.

The flaming spear streaked through the sky, crossing vast distances to
arrive at the edge of Lake Dalsh in no time.

As Lumian detached from the blazing white spear, he noticed that even in
Paramita, intertwined with the spirit realm, this lake remained
tranquil, clear, sacred, and beautiful.

In the dim surroundings, the gray-white water seemed weightless,
stretching upwards like a giant curtain, perhaps drawn to some
high-altitude entity.

In front of the water curtain, countless human skulls formed a
mountainous head.

Among the skulls of various colors, one stood out the most. It was at
the very top, crystal clear as if carved from crystal, and significantly
larger than a normal human skull.

Instead of pale or dark red flames, the eye sockets of this crystal
skull reflected a mysterious, intricately patterned, ancient bronze
door.

The door was slightly ajar, revealing endless darkness within. In that
darkness were countless indescribable eyes, staring out yet unable to
emerge.

Along the edges of the bronze door, strange, grotesque, and sometimes
revolting hands grasped the frame as if trying to squeeze through but
unable to. They only managed to scratch out piercing noises that seemed
to tear at the human eardrum.

Many spirits and human skulls were drawn to this place, gradually
becoming part of the massive head.

*Is that crystal skull the Undying's skull used back then? Is the bronze
door in its eye sockets the Death Sequence 5's Gatekeeper's door to the
Underworld? Hmm, a Sequence 5 can't keep the Underworld door open for
long, so they used the Undying's skull and the unique properties of Lake
Dalsh to fix it... But where has Oxyto, the Shaman King, gone?*
As this thought crossed Lumian's mind, he saw the countless human skulls
forming the massive head in the air open and close their bony teeth,
speaking in unison in various voices:

"Why couldn't you give me a little more time?

"If I can't have it, I'll destroy this place and see how many of you can
survive the calamity of this collapsing Paramita!

"And I have already abandoned this place and left the Raklev region
using my prior preparations!

"Hahaha, hahaha!"

Amid the sharp, hoarse, old, and deep laughter of the human skulls,
Lumian felt the massive shadow in the sky descend toward his head.
Cracks appeared in the ground below, growing deeper and revealing a dark
void.

All the skulls, including the crystal one, developed tiny cracks,
seemingly ready to shatter completely in no time.

At that moment, Lumian felt a chill leave his body, and all the skulls
stopped cracking as if temporarily held back by an invisible external
force.

This also halted the process of Paramita's collapse and destruction.
Although it didn't reverse, it wasn't going to happen immediately.

Is this the temperance faction's demigod or their invited helper using
their ability? It seems Oxyto really escaped. After testing the waters
with the Banshee's Howl, she decisively abandoned this Paramita, clearly
stronger than other Madames, and used her prior arrangements and the
unique properties of this place to escape before the temperance faction
could act... A series of thoughts flashed through Lumian's mind as he
took in the scene before him.

An ancient voice suddenly echoed in his ears:

*"Don't just listen to what Oxyto says.*

*"In my experience, anyone who leaves behind so many words before
running away is either already insane or trying to cover up
something.*

*"Oxyto did indeed flee here decisively before we locked onto her and
planned to destroy this Paramita, but why would she tell us her
objectives? Purely to vent her emotions?*

*"That may be one reason, but there should be a more important one: she
wants us to focus on the collapse and destruction of this Paramita and
overlook something else."*

Lumian hadn't entirely dismissed his doubts after Oxyto's proclamations
through those human skulls, but such behavior wasn't unusual for the
indulgence faction of the Rose School of Thought.

Those accustomed to indulgence were always eager to express their
emotions.

The ancient voice finally said, *"Time will provide us the
answer."*

As soon as these words fell, Lumian saw the insects with translucent
rings flying out.

Suddenly, everything around him slowed down.

A grayish-white fog settled over everything Lumian saw, making it all
look surreal.

Soon after, everything projected on the foggy "curtain" started to
rewind. The human skulls were no longer cracked in countless places, the
ground returned to smoothness, and the thick shadows receded into the
sky.

Time wasn't moving backward; rather, recent history and events were
being displayed.

Lumian then saw a pair of brown wings that could blot out the sky,
leaving the current shadow behind.

Between the wings, each feather as large as a human head, stood a female
figure with an exposed abdomen.

The woman was as beautiful as the moon at night, her face radiating
maternal brilliance, but her hands and feet were arched, with sharp
nails that gleamed coldly.

This was the Shaman King, Oxyto.

Having seen her male form, Lumian recognized her instantly. Her features
were softer now, and her facial details were more delicate.

Her belly was swollen, stretched taut with black veins visible on the
surface. The skin was so thin that it was almost transparent, revealing
the merging forms of numerous bird-clawed monster infants inside.

*She... stuffed all those corpse-born bird-clawed infants into her
belly... What kind of monster is she nurturing? No wonder the bloodline
connection didn't work directly, only indirectly within a certain
range...* As Lumian came to this realization, Oxyto reached for
her belly in the scene from the past.

With a tearing sound, she ripped her abdomen open, blood pouring out.

Oxyto forcefully pulled out an infant slightly smaller than Ludwig. Its
skin was pale, its flesh decayed, and remnants of four or five heads and
seven or eight bird claws remained on its surface. A pure, clear
membrane, seemingly from Lake Dalsh, covered the baby's body.

Oxyto let out a cry of agony as she threw the infant into the eye socket
of the crystal skull.

The rotten, multi-headed infant was clearly much larger than the eye
socket and the bronze door within it, yet it mysteriously shrank smaller
and smaller until it squeezed through a gap barely wide enough for a
hand, disappearing into the boundless darkness behind the door.

*Is Oxyto's ultimate goal to send that monster infant into the
Underworld, making some terrifying thing a reality? And now she's been
forced into early labor?* As Lumian had this thought, he
realized the coldness inside him had vanished.

The figure in the small black bonnet and the Knight of Swords in the
vest and shirt simultaneously appeared in front of the crystal skull.

But they seemed unable to pass through the crack in the bronze door and
were trying to open it a little more.

*The Underworld...* Wearing the Eggers family's golden mask,
Lumian felt a stirring inside. Seizing the opportunity provided by the
temperance faction demigods stalling Paramita's collapse, he activated
the black mark on his right shoulder, teleporting to the front of the
crystal skull.

In his eyes, the bronze door loomed abnormally large.

He stretched out both hands and pressed them on either side of the
bronze door.

A hollow, muffled buzzing filled the air as the bronze door opened a
little wider.

Lumian immediately felt a terrifying suction, and with a swish, he was
pulled through the crack, flung deep into the darkness.

Inside him, two more cold masses joined him.