---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2252
index: 776
section: vol5
slug: 776
title: Secrets
---

## Chapter 776: Secrets

This time, the boatman didn't attack Lumian. Instead, he rowed the
gloomy boat to the opposite shore.

Jumping onto the wasteland covered in withered blood flowers, Lumian,
whose spirituality was nearly exhausted, ran towards the pile of bones
and corpses on higher ground.

After running for a few minutes, he saw faint starlight piercing through
the dim sky.

Next, the void tore open like transparent paper.

The tear blended with the starlight, forming a door of shimmering light.

Standing beyond the door was Madam Magician, dressed in a loose orange
dress.

Madam Magician did not enter the Underworld but floated in the void
outside the door, smiling at Lumian and the others.

*Madam Magician...* Lumian had expected another demigod from the
temperance faction, bringing a Beyonder of the Death pathway to open the
door to the Underworld to fetch him, Sharron, and Maric. But it was the
Major Arcana card holder, Madam Magician.

*She can find the Underworld?*

*She can tear through its barrier and create a door?*

Suppressing his curiosity, Lumian took a running start and jumped
through the starlit door.

He felt a wave of dizziness and his vision darkened before he saw the
clear, pure Lake Dalsh and felt the thin air of the highlands.

He reflexively removed the golden mask of the Eggers family from his
face to avoid becoming a true undead from wearing it too long.

During this, the figures of Sharron and the Knight of Swords Maric
appeared beside him.

"Thank you," the Knight of Swords politely addressed Madam Magician.

Wearing a small black black dress and a Gothic dress, Sharron nodded
silently.

"It's only right," Madam Magician replied with a smile. "It's a pity we
couldn't catch Oxyto. The Great Mother's Bestowed are very vigilant and
skilled at rebirth, making them extremely hard to catch."

After a few pleasantries, the Knight of Swords said goodbye.

Before leaving, he and Sharron both nodded to Lumian, showing their
approval.

Although the Knight of Swords' request was only to help find Oxyto,
Lumian had far exceeded that by chasing Oxyto's premature child into the
Underworld and eliminating it. In return, Sharron, despite being
injured, helped Lumian control the goat-faced Demon, giving him a chance
to defeat it and take the Abscessed Hand's half-body. Thus, neither owed
the other, and no additional payment was necessary.

Of course, establishing a friendship and deepening his connection with
the Knight of Swords was an added bonus.

After Sharron and the Knight of Swords left, Madam Magician looked at
Lumian with a teasing smile.

"Wondering how I found the Underworld?

"For a high-ranking member of the Apprentice pathway, the Underworld is
just there. There's no question of finding it. Even if hidden, we can
easily locate it by observing the Gatekeepers and master the ability to
summon a door to the Underworld. But I didn't summon it; I just opened a
door."

"Then why did you say I had to wait for an opportunity to enter the
Underworld?" Lumian asked reflexively.

*As Mr. Fool's Angel of Stars, couldn't you just open a door to the
Underworld for me?*

*What opportunity was there to wait for?*

Madam Magician chuckled.

"Could you have retrieved part of the Abscessed Hand's body if I had
sent you to the Underworld back then?"

"No..." Lumian answered softly.

Not only would he fail, but he might also die instantly from illegal
teleportation.

This time, with guidance from the temperance faction and the help of a
demigod, he had a chance to take the Abscessed Hand's body from the
goat-faced Demon.

Of course, the risks had also increased significantly.

"I sensed an opportunity and advised you to wait," Madam Magician said
sincerely. "Not all abilities can be repeated; not using them and using
them to change one's state directly is very difficult."

Lumian didn't dwell on it, recounting his experiences in the Underworld
with Sharron and the Knight of Swords.

Madam Magician listened attentively without interrupting, sometimes
showing a thoughtful expression.

"What secrets are hidden in the body of the Second Epoch's Goddess of
Harvest?" Lumian asked at the end.

Madam Magician replied, shaking her head, "I don't know."

She paused for a moment before adding, "There are things I hadn't
planned to tell you so early because it's not good for you. But since
you've merged with Omebella's bloodline and experienced the Underworld,
I can share a bit. Do you remember the relic of Omebella I mentioned?"

"Yes," Lumian said, one of his reasons for merging with Omebella's
bloodline being the hope of briefly using the Grade 0 Sealed Artifact
formed from the relic.

Madam Magician continued, "Do you know where it is?"

Before Lumian could shake his head, she answered herself, "It's in the
New City of Silver."

*New City of Silver? The Church of The Fool's headquarters?*
Lumian thought of the giant-like beings that made him feel like a dwarf.

*Omebella's relic is a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact of the Church of The
Fool's in New City of Silver?*

Madam Magician pondered for a few seconds before saying, "First, you
need to understand a piece of mystical knowledge. Marauders, the Angels
of the Error pathway, can steal others' identities and destinies. In
other words, someone whose identity and destiny are stolen will no
longer be recognized by their parents, spouse, or children, gradually
becoming rejected by fate."

Lumian recalled the Substitution Spell in the Inevitability domain,
which also involved one's identity and fate.

Though different from Madam Magician's description and on a much lower
level, it helped Lumian understand her words.

Seeing he had no questions, Madam Magician continued, "According to what
we know, I suspect the Goddess of Harvest Omebella had Her identity and
destiny stolen by a high-ranking member of the Error pathway and was
killed by Her direct relatives.

"Up to this point, it sounds like nothing more than a horrific
conspiracy, but think about it. Why would the body of the Goddess of
Harvest, killed by Her direct relatives and robbed of Her identity and
destiny, end up in the former City of Silver, not silently in a
battlefield corner?

"And more strangely, the ancestors of the City of Silver knew it was
Omebella's body and Her true identity. At the time, the Steal effect was
still present!"

Lumian sensed something amiss and frowned, "What's the City of Silver's
records or speculations on this? Does Omebella's body contain Beyonder
characteristics?"

"None," Madam Magician answered firmly. "The City of Silver's records
are sparse due to the Ancient Sun God's rule in the Third Epoch. But
their ancestors mentioned that the Goddess of Harvest walked to the City
of Silver on Her own. Heh heh. Strange, right? You'll understand more
when you can temporarily use that Grade 0 Sealed Artifact. Now is not
the time."

*This confirms that Omebella held significant mysteries...*
Lumian asked cautiously, "What did the goat-faced Demon mean when it
said I had taken the egg for myself?"

Madam Magician gazed at Lumian for a moment before saying, "There's no
change in your body, but I temporarily can't confirm whether it's the
same for the egg. It'll need some observation."

Lumian tersely acknowledged her words and pointed to the clear, serene
Lake Dalsh. "What's special about this lake? How is it related to the
Underworld?"

Madam Magician laughed.

"The temperance faction had a King of Angels and Angels ruling here for
a thousand years, but they couldn't uncover the lake's secrets. Why
would I find out in a short time?

"Even the direct descendants of the Eggers family don't know why Lake
Dalsh is special.

"From your Underworld trip, it seems the lake's uniqueness predates the
Eggers' ancestor becoming Death."

"Related to the ancient Death, Phoenix Ancestor Gregrace?" Lumian
inferred from Madam Magician's words.

Thinking of the huge black egg beneath the ancient Death's corpse, he
found this explanation plausible for why Oxyto wanted the bird-clawed
creature to be born with Lake Dalsh's help.

"Perhaps," Madam Magician replied uncertainly.

Lumian was silent for a few seconds before changing the topic.

"Madam Magician, now that we have part of the Abscessed Hand's body, I
want to go to Lenburg soon to find the City of Exiles, Morora."

"You're feeling a sense of urgency, rather impatient as well," Madam
Magician remarked. "Relax for a few days, calm your mind, then go. We'll
follow up on the vortex matter. Your companions will investigate the
Mirror People. You probably can't take your companions into the City of
Exiles. Also, focus on learning languages. After dealing with the City
of Exiles, prepare your team for the advancement."

"Alright," Lumian agreed, feeling he needed to adjust his state.

___

Trier, Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, Apartment 702, 9 Rue
Orosai.

Lumian reunited with Franca, Jenna, and Anthony.

After recounting his experiences in the Underworld, Franca said with
genuine emotion,

"So that's what the Underworld is like. The River Styx really exists..."

Then she frowned immediately.

"You've fully digested your Reaper potion, but I'm still a bit short on
my Pleasure..."

In this digestion, Lumian credited eighty percent to Madame Sharron, ten
percent to the Knight of Swords, and only ten percent to himself.
Without pride and after some thought, he said to Franca, "Maybe I can
help you quickly digest Pleasure."

"Huh..." Franca raised an eyebrow while Jenna looked puzzled.

Lumian smiled and explained, "I've accumulated fate fragments from Moran
Avigny's lust outburst. If we find a powerful Beyonder to take this
fate, wouldn't it allow you to digest Pleasure significantly?

"Hmm, Pirate Admirals out at sea would be perfect for this."