---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2260
index: 784
section: vol5
slug: 784
title: Mask
---

## Chapter 784: Mask

Lumian immediately retreated into the nearby shadows, closely watching
the slowly opening metal door of the captain's cabin.

As the cart filled with various foods was pushed in, he finally saw
their target, Admiral Deep Sea, Howl Constantine.

Though he had heard many rumors and seen the wanted posters, nothing
compared to witnessing the reality of his sea monster lineage firsthand.

Admiral Deep Sea, Howl Constantine's face looked as if a translucent,
palm-sized octopus clung to it, with numerous slimy tentacles hanging
down to his chest. His deep blue, almost black hair was thick and
coarse, falling to his shoulders, and his body was entirely wrapped in a
black cloak, even his hands hidden within.

He was nothing like a normal human.

Lumian couldn't help but feel this was unusual.

His face, fused with an octopus, was exposed, so what was there to hide
about his body?

Even if he was truly an octopus beneath the cloak, no one around would
be surprised!

The only reason to cover his body so tightly was if there was something
even more unpresentable there.

Puzzled, Lumian carefully observed Howl Constantine's fate.

Being in shadow form didn't prevent him from doing this since shadow
beings could still "see" the real world, though the perspective was
slightly different.

As the two pirates arranged the food on the long table in the captain's
cabin, Lumian's eyes reflected the illusory River of Fate composed of
complex mercury symbols.

Given that they were less than fifteen meters apart, Lumian extended his
right palm, letting it stay at the edge of the shadow, and remotely
touched Howl Constantine's River of Fate.

Most of Admiral Deep Sea's fate fragments instantly materialized,
flowing turbulently.

Knowing time was limited, Lumian could only browse briefly.

He saw Howl Constantine diving in the dark, lightless ocean depths,
fighting a half-giant over two and a half meters tall wielding a huge
sword. He watched as Admiral Deep Sea passed through ruins filled with
bizarre buildings and saw his future self removing the translucent
octopus from his face...

*Removing the octopus clinging to his face? It isn't Howl Constantine's
face; it's a mask? He isn't a descendant of sea monsters?*
Lumian was stunned. Reflexively, he decided on the fate fragment he
would exchange.

It was a fragment of Howl Constantine being injured on the seabed.

In this fate fragment, back when he was only Sequence 7 or 6, Howl
Constantine failed to return to the surface in time, suffering the
crushing pressure of deep water and the suffocating sensation of liquid
flooding his lungs.

This was different in severity from Moran Admiral Deep Sea's fate
fragment of lust outburst, which had irrevocably changed Moran's fate,
forcing him to an early death. In contrast, this fragment merely
influenced Howl Constantine's subsequent exploration style, making him
more cautious. However, Lumian couldn't find a more suitable fragment in
such a short time.

As fate began to swap, Howl Constantine, who was seeing off the two
pirates, suddenly turned his gaze towards Lumian's hiding spot.

His spirituality had warned him!

Almost simultaneously, Admiral Deep Sea's eyes lit up with intense
lightning.

With a crackling sound, thick lightning struck Lumian's hiding spot,
hitting the wall and shattering into countless tiny electric serpents,
which spread out, covering the area with their fierce and erratic
energy, using the properties of the metal door, walls, and floor to
launch indiscriminate attacks inside and outside the captain's cabin.

The two food-delivering pirates were hit first, their bodies trembling
and convulsing as if performing a grotesque dance.

Their skin quickly charred.

Amid the cracking sound, mirrors hidden in the shadows where Franca and
Jenna were hiding shattered, but the Demonesses' figures did not appear.

___

At the Carnival Bar, Great Shark Jörg and his companions, including Ship
Destroyer, had just entered the hall and were staring at the unknown
adventurer's back. Before they could speak, the noisy surroundings
abruptly fell silent. The pirates' chatter and conversations seemed
muffled, vanishing instantly.

*Wh---* Great Shark Jörg instinctively looked towards the
window, seeing the dim sunlight through the fog replaced by deep
darkness.

At that moment, Lumian, sitting at the bar, turned on his stool. His
expression was indifferent, his gaze calm, looking at the few big
pirates as if they were dead men.

A huge crimson-white fireball shot out.

*Boom!*

Amidst the flames and wind from the explosion, the pirates either used
their agility or abilities to dodge in different directions.

Behind Ship Destroyer, Lumian's figure swiftly emerged in the chaos,
letting out a hum.

Two beams of white light shot from his nose, causing Ship Destroyer to
faint instantly.

Witnessing this, Great Shark Jörg felt a chill down his spine,
instinctively muttering to himself, "Formidable..."

___

Aboard the Newins.

Having used the Lightning Strike ability and created an area attack
effect utilizing the current environment, Admiral Deep Sea, Howl
Constantine, had a figure suddenly appear behind him.

It was Franca, dressed in an assassin's suit.

Franca gripped an almost invisible triangular spike in her right hand
while raising her left palm, with an iron-black spiked ring targeting
Howl Constantine.

Lightning flickered in her eyes.

As Franca used Psychic Piercing on Howl Constantine, Jenna appeared by
the door, throwing a Louis d'or at Admiral Deep Sea, seemingly to
distract him and make him momentarily ignore Franca's assassination
attempt.

A golden brooch carved into a gorse flower was pinned to her chest.

Covered in gray-white scales, Anthony appeared in the corridor, with
tiny electric serpents still crawling over his body, paralyzing him and
preventing rapid movement.

But this didn't stop Anthony from using his ability.

Staring at Admiral Deep Sea, with a translucent octopus clinging to his
face, his pupils turned vertical, glowing golden.

Awe!

This ability made the target feel as if they encountered a true dragon,
panicking instantly.

As fate began to swap and Howl Constantine noticed the anomaly, he
struck out lightning. At that moment, Lumian teleported into the
captain's cabin, landing on a wooden chair by the window.

Soon, tiny electric serpents covered the area, but they didn't last long
due to the wooden chair's material.

This caused Lumian's body to show signs of paralysis.

However, he didn't reveal himself because he was now a true shadow
creature, and no shadow being would leave the shadows due to a mild
electric shock.

Lumian chose to stay in the shadow provided by the wooden chair, quietly
watching the upcoming battle.

During the fate exchange, he couldn't attack Howl Constantine, which
would interrupt the process.

So, the next step was to see if Franca, Jenna, and Anthony, three
Beyonders below Sequence 5, could hold off Admiral Deep Sea for at least
two minutes!

Of course, if they really needed to kill Howl Constantine, Anthony could
do it quickly with the Winter is Coming revolver, but that was
impractical and went against their original goal.

Awe and Psychic Piercing hit Howl Constantine, but the Admiral's face,
fused with the translucent octopus, glowed faintly, protecting his soul
and spirit, causing only minor effects.

As his octopus-like face dimmed slightly, Howl Constantine, puzzled by
the unfamiliar assassins, suspected some adventurer group wanted to make
a name for themselves and earn a huge bounty. Enduring the dizziness, he
grabbed an obsidian trident from the nearby weapon rack and thrust it at
Franca.

The trident immediately surged with violently flickering silver-white
lightning, its heavy tip seemingly trying to pull Franca onto itself.

*Crack!*

Franca's body, clad in the assassin's suit, shattered into numerous
mirror fragments, while Jenna threw a silent black flame at Howl
Constantine before hiding in the shadows again.

Anthony also pulled out the exquisite Winter is Coming revolver, aiming
at Admiral Deep Sea for a standard shot.

The gunshot had just sounded when a sharp wind pierced everyone's ears.

Howl Constantine, wrapped in a whirlwind, flew into the air, avoiding
the yellow bullet and eerie black flame.

He then pointed the obsidian trident at Anthony.

The silver-white currents on the trident converged into thick lightning,
shooting out.

Anthony, experienced as ever, immediately dove away from the door,
changing his position and avoiding the direct hit from the lightning,
though the resulting tiny electric serpents still affected him, causing
his body to tremble and paralyze.

The two pirates, just recovering from the previous shock, were struck by
the new wave, falling unconscious and twitching on the ground.

Franca and Jenna were also affected by the indiscriminate attack,
revealing themselves from their hidden states.

Admiral Deep Sea, Howl Constantine, showed no joy or bloodthirsty
emotion but grew more vigilant, his octopus-like face showing doubt.

*There should be one more assassin!*

*Why hasn't he appeared?*

*What is he preparing?*

At that moment, out of the corner of his eye, Howl Constantine saw a
figure leisurely sitting on the wooden chair near the window.

The figure had black hair, blue eyes, a handsome face, and wore a thick
dark jacket, reclining against the chair with his right foot resting on
his left knee, a mocking smile on his face.