---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2261
index: 785
section: vol5
slug: 785
title: Performance
---

## Chapter 785: Performance

Seeing the assassin who had been hiding suddenly sit openly on a chair
by the window, calmly watching him as if he didn't care about the
ongoing battle, Admiral Deep Sea, Howl Constantine, felt a sudden heavy
weight in his heart.

Such a posture and expression suggested that the opponent didn't
consider him a threat and was absolutely confident in dealing with him.
That's why he didn't attack immediately to support his companions but
instead sat there, arrogantly smiling and observing.

Without any hesitation, Howl Constantine instinctively aimed his
obsidian trident at Lumian.

A bolt of silver-white lightning formed in his hand, amplified by the
trident's tip, and shot out like a raging thunder serpent towards
Lumian.

Lumian kept his right foot on his left knee, his face bearing a mocking
smile as if Howl Constantine's desperate counterattack was just child's
play, incapable of changing the outcome at all.

Of course, this was just a front he put on.

In reality, he couldn't attack Howl Constantine or leave the
hundred-meter range, or else the Fate Exchange would be interrupted.

But not being able to attack didn't mean he couldn't influence the
current battle. Lumian left his shadow form and deliberately revealed
his presence to Howl Constantine, using himself as bait to attract most
of Admiral Deep Sea's attention and create a sense of pressure and fear,
forcing him to react hastily and increase the chance of making mistakes.

Even a Hunter who couldn't strike, speak, or communicate could still
provoke, scheme, and set traps!

The thick silver-white thunder serpent struck Lumian.

With a crack, Lumian's figure shattered like a mirror, leaving only the
quickly charred wooden chair behind in the ravaging lightning.

He disappeared again, and the thunder serpent, constrained by the
chair's material, didn't dissipate much.

This made Howl Constantine anxious, considering whether to break through
the window and dive into the sea.

Underwater, he feared no Beyonder below demigod level!

Even many Saints couldn't dive into the depths to fight him!

Just then, he felt his limbs and body being bound layer by layer, making
it difficult to move or turn the obsidian trident quickly.

The bindings tightened rapidly.

Taking advantage of Lumian drawing away most of Howl Constantine's
attention and caution, Franca had set up the spider silk of a Demoness
of Pleasure, entangling Admiral Deep Sea layer by layer.

Faced with this restricted situation, Howl Constantine stopped and let
the translucent octopus on his face glow with dawn-like brilliance.

The light suddenly exploded into countless fragments, sweeping through
the captain's cabin like a storm.

The long table with food shattered into pieces, the metal walls were
marked with deep scratches, and Franca and Jenna's figures shattered
into countless mirror fragments again, while the invisible spider silk
broke inch by inch, unable to restrain Howl Constantine any longer.

In the corridor, away from the captain's cabin door, Anthony was
unaffected by the light storm, as was Lumian outlined beside him.

Lumian placed his hand on the metal sliding door of the staircase, using
his contractual ability.

He enclosed the area within the Bottle of Fiction, with the entry and
exit condition being female.

This effectively blocked any rescue attempts by the pirates, preventing
interference in their battle. Except for teams with female captains,
most pirate ships had very few female Beyonders, if any at all. The
non-Beyonder women on board were merely ship prostitutes, incapable of
becoming regular pirates.

___

Outside the Carnival Bar.

The real pirates, the disguised Mason, and the rest simultaneously
noticed that the glass windows no longer reflected the scene of Great
Shark Jörg and the others fighting the unknown adventurer.

The glass appeared dim, showing the bar's interior with no bartender or
customers.

"What happened?" a pirate asked loudly, uncertainly.

"What ability was used?" Similar questions echoed.

They all suspected the unknown adventurer was behind the changes, as
Great Shark and his crew wouldn't hide their fight; they would want to
showcase their strength to more pirates.

Within the Bottle of Fiction.

Great Shark Jörg, wearing black gloves, was surrounded by signs of
explosions and charred marks.

He had timely distorted the unknown adventurer's attack intent, avoiding
injury in the recent bombardment.

However, his companion, Ship Destroyer, another Beyonder of the Hunter
pathway, had long been unconscious from a combination of Beyonder powers
and explosion damage.

The other pirates were also scattered, none unscathed.

Gazing at the unknown black-haired, blue-eyed adventurer several meters
away, Great Shark Jörg cursed the teleportation ability.

Just as he was about to shift positions and attempt a Bribe, the
handsome adventurer's figure rapidly faded like a projection and
disappeared.

Worried it was another teleportation, Great Shark Jörg dove to the side,
turning to look behind him.

Nothing happened.

Jörg and the remaining pirates, suspicious and tense, maneuvered
cautiously multiple times, but the adventurer never reappeared.

Finally, the bald Great Shark began to grasp the situation.

*That was just an illusion?*

*We fought an illusion and nearly lost?*

*Where did the real one go?*

Realizing this, Great Shark Jörg blurted out, "Shit! The Newins!"

The unknown adventurer's real target was the Newins and the Admiral!

Jörg and the others grew anxious but were trapped in the Bottle of
Fiction, unable to get out.

After trying several methods and abilities without success, they
resorted to violent disassembly.

___

Aboard the Newins.

As the light storm began to subside, Jenna quickly appeared behind
Admiral Deep Sea, in a blind spot created by his own body.

Then, using all her strength, she stabbed a dagger covered in silent
black flames into Howl Constantine's back.

Although he couldn't turn or redirect the trident in time, Howl
Constantine remained unfazed.

From his cloak emerged a silver-white lightning bolt that struck Jenna
at a speed too fast to dodge.

Countless tiny electric serpents coursed over Jenna's body, but she
seemed largely unharmed and only slightly slowed.

*Pfft!*

The dagger covered in black flames pierced Howl Constantine's black
cloak.

At the beginning of the fight, Jenna had thrown a Louis d'or at Howl
Constantine, not to seek luck but to activate the Decency brooch,
completing a Bribe that significantly weakened his attacks, defenses,
and controls against her for a while!

Since then, neither the rampaging lightning nor the light storm had
affected her as much as she let on.

Her frantic dodging and use of the Mirror Substitution were meant to
psychologically deceive Admiral Deep Sea!

She didn't expect Howl Constantine to be unaware of the Bribe ability,
given that his deputy was likely a Briber. Instead, she performed as if
the Bribe had failed, leading him to attribute the Louis d'or toss to
another ability.

At the start, Howl Constantine might still have guarded against the
Bribe, but in the heat of battle, and with time running short, he
instinctively responded without caution.

Thus, he ignored the Bribe from before and didn't stop Jenna's
assassination!

With a pfft, the black-flamed dagger pierced Howl Constantine's cloak
and flesh.

Acting was for a better assassination!

After the successful strike, Jenna felt a strong resistance and
wriggling flesh as if alive, preventing further progress with the dagger
despite her full strength.

She abandoned force, instead channeling the black flames into Howl
Constantine's body.

As the black flames surged, Admiral Deep Sea howled in pain.

Franca seized the opportunity to reach Howl Constantine's side, stabbing
the transparent Wintry Blade into Admiral Deep Sea.

The Wintry Blade pierced the skin and flesh but couldn't go deeper into
Howl Constantine's body.

But it was enough.

Howl Constantine's body stiffened as if frozen, and his thoughts became
sluggish.

Franca slid to Jenna's side, retracting the Wintry Blade.

Simultaneously, she flipped out a compact mirror with her left hand,
reflecting Howl Constantine's body.

Then, with her right hand, she smeared black flames on the mirror's
surface.

Demoness's curse!

Black flames erupted from Howl Constantine's body, burning it but not
touching the octopus on his face.

Howl Constantine let out a pained shriek, breaking free from the
stiffness and mental fog, slamming the obsidian trident onto the metal
floor.

Blinding lightning burst forth.