---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2262
index: 786
section: vol5
slug: 786
title: Face
---

## Chapter 786: Face

Arcs of silver lightning shot from the obsidian trident, turning the
entire captain's cabin into a hell of electricity.

Despite having Bribed Howl Constantine and weakened his attacks, Jenna
didn't dare risk her fragile body against the powerful lightning at such
close range.

She and Franca shattered into pieces amid the dancing arcs, reflecting
the blinding light.

Their figures reappeared at the cabin door, where lightning still raged.

Franca didn't hesitate. She grabbed Jenna's arm and activated the last
gem on her Seven-Stone Bracelet before the paralysis set in.

Blink!

They vanished from the cabin door, blinking to a wooden table in a room
diagonally opposite.

During this process, Franca and Jenna saw metal panels sliding open on
the cabin ceiling, revealing several dark holes.

With a splash, blue seawater poured into the captain's cabin like a
waterfall, and the metal door shut tight.

When Franca and Jenna's figures reappeared, their bodies still crackled
with residual electricity, and they trembled uncontrollably.

Immediately, the last gem on the Seven-Stone Bracelet shattered, leaving
only the two diamonds representing Teleport.

In the corridor near the stairwell, Lumian and Anthony remained unharmed
by the electric storm.

It wasn't because the lightning hadn't spread through the metal floor
and walls but because Lumian had taken out the gray-white
lightning-shaped brooch Fury of the Sea from his Traveler's Bag and
thrown it ahead.

One of its side effects was that it had a high chance of attracting
lightning during storms.

This meant that it greatly attracted lightning!

As expected, most of the small electric arcs converged on Fury of the
Sea, making it bloom like a bright silver flower.

Thus, Lumian and Anthony only felt a mild tingling, retaining their
ability to move.

Looking at the now-closed cabin door, Lumian raised an eyebrow and
murmured, "Did Howl Constantine get seriously injured in the last attack
and decide to seal the cabin to recover?"

To Lumian, Admiral Deep Sea's response wasn't wrong. If possible, it was
indeed one of the best choices under the circumstances, especially since
Howl Constantine couldn't gauge the strength of Lumian, who had been
merely watching and not acting, nor did he know the full extent of
Franca, Jenna, and Anthony's abilities. If faced with something like a
Banshee's terrifying scream, Howl Constantine---having been weakened by
a Demoness's black flames---would likely die instantly.

But sealing the cabin to recover was precisely what Lumian and his
companions hoped for. They hadn't planned to kill Howl Constantine
before the Fate Exchange was complete. This quiet waiting scenario was
exactly what they wanted.

"Watch out for secret passages in the cabin. Howl Constantine might
escape or jump into the sea," Franca cautioned Lumian as she recovered.

She had rich experience in assassinations.

"I'm keeping an eye on it," Lumian replied concisely, picking up the
Fury of the Sea.

He was monitoring the Fate Exchange situation and his own senses and
spirituality.

If Admiral Deep Sea showed any signs of fleeing, Lumian would
immediately blow open the cabin door.

As long as he didn't directly attack Howl Constantine, the Fate Exchange
wouldn't be interrupted!

Franca's hands still trembled slightly, and she exuded a faint burnt
smell as she remarked,

"Howl Constantine's lightning strikes and Spirit Body and mental
protection from items almost ruined all our efforts, along with this
unique environment.

"If not for our abundance of mystical items and our good teamwork, we
might have been forced to give up the plan and have you join the battle
personally.

"What's the phrase? 'An unstoppable force overcomes all obstacles.' No
matter what supernatural abilities you use, I'll counter with lightning
and turn it into a weaker version of a lightning storm using the
environment."

Jenna, who was also trembling and smelled burnt but was in better shape,
nodded slightly in agreement.

As the one fighting on the front lines, she deeply understood this.

___

Outside the Carnival Bar, the pirates and disguised pirates saw the
heavy wooden door suddenly swell and shatter.

*Boom!*

An explosion followed, sending the doorframe and fragments flying.

The figures of Great Shark Jörg and his men finally appeared to the
onlookers.

Most of them were injured to varying degrees, their expressions grim, as
they sprinted towards the dock without bothering to disguise themselves.

Seeing this, both real and fake pirates had similar thoughts.

*They lost?*

*Even with all of Admiral Deep Sea's top men, they lost?*

*Are they running to seek help from Admiral Deep Sea?*

*They're fleeing in such a sorry state...*

As thoughts raced through their minds, the onlookers turned their gaze
back to the inside of the Carnival Bar. They saw broken tables and
chairs, exploded barrels, and the mingling scents of alcohol and scorch,
but no sign of the unknown adventurer.

This left the pirates and impostors bewildered, unsure of what it meant.

___

In the sealed captain's cabin, now filled with blue seawater, Howl
Constantine's cloaked body floated, bubbles constantly rising.

His face, with the translucent octopus, hung slightly down, gazing at
the submerged metal floor, feeling his soul being nourished, quickly
shaking off his weakened state.

After several seconds, Howl Constantine slowly but steadily raised his
head, looking at the closed metal door.

Outside, Lumian turned to Franca and said, "It's almost done. Stand by
the door and show your face. If Howl Constantine sees the real face of a
Demoness of Pleasure, he might feel extreme pleasure, which will help
with the digestion."

"This is so weird..." Franca muttered as she moved to stand opposite the
captain's cabin door, leaning against the metal wall.

She pulled down her hood, revealing her radiant and beautiful face.

She wanted to strike a pose but couldn't bring herself to do it under
everyone's eyes!

Lumian, calculating the progress, walked to the door of the captain's
cabin and placed his hands on the metal.

White-hot flames instantly gathered, compressing layer by layer into the
metal door.

*Rumble!*

The metal door rapidly caved inwards and then exploded.

With a splash, the blue seawater gushed out, momentarily driven back by
the explosion's shockwave.

Howl Constantine's figure emerged before Lumian, Franca, and the others,
a hopeful smile playing on his lips.

Taking advantage of the respite, he had activated the Newins' defense
system. He was ready to fight the four assassins with the help of this
alchemical ship.

In that state, he was confident he could hold his own against even a
demigod for a while!

This was the main reason he hadn't jumped into the sea when the cabin
door closed.

Suddenly, he saw an exceptionally beautiful face and a figure---despite
partially covered by leather armor---that radiated allure.

He was momentarily stunned.

At that moment, Howl Constantine's mind buzzed, going blank.

That emptiness was immediately filled with extreme pleasure, which
erupted, seemingly shattering his soul and scattering it in all
directions.

He froze in place, his blood staining the blue seawater that hadn't yet
flowed out of the cabin.

Tears streamed from his eyes, mixing with the seawater.

They were tears of pain and tears of joy.

Silently, the translucent octopus fell from Howl Constantine's face,
revealing his true visage.

It was a handsome face, but the features were not deep, rather soft.

Seeing this, Franca's heart suddenly raced.

This face bore a striking resemblance to the man she had encountered in
the Trier catacombs, Harrison, who was suspected to be from Resurrection
Island.

Not in detailed appearance, but in style.

It was an "Eastern-style" face, but not purely so, more like a mixed
heritage!

Stunned, Franca heard an illusory sound of something shattering and felt
the complete digestion of the Pleasure potion.

She saw an illusory starry sky filled with twinkling stars.

Lumian was about to kill the severely injured Howl Constantine when he
suddenly sensed the environment becoming extremely dangerous. He heard
the mechanical sounds of the entire Newins' mechanism activating.

It was like a killing machine awakening.

Lumian didn't hesitate. He reached out, grabbing Franca and Jenna's
shoulders, and lifted the Bottle of Fiction.

Anthony stepped forward, grabbing Lumian's clothes.

The four of them quickly disappeared from the corridor outside the
captain's cabin.

They teleported back to the motel in Banamo Port.

Soon, the pirates near the dock noticed the Newins retract its masts and
sails, sealing itself up and submerging into the sea.

Great Shark Jörg and his men hadn't even reached the dock!

*Fleeing?*

*Admiral Deep Sea just fled?*

*He didn't even fight the adventurer, just ran, leaving behind his first
mate, second mate, and boatswain?*

___

Various thoughts surged in the minds of the pirates near the dock.