---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2282
index: 806
section: vol5
slug: 806
title: Expressing Goodwill
---

## Chapter 806: Expressing Goodwill

*Amandina?* If it were anyone else, Franca might not have
remembered, but she couldn't forget this participant of the Dream
Festival, a girl who called the Underworld Daoist her teacher. Franca
later summoned the Armored Shadow Chen Tu for more information, and she
might even need Amandina's help.

With this in mind, Franca reached into her Traveler's Bag and counted
her accumulated gold.

Including the final payment from a member of the Curly-Haired Baboon
Research Society, she now had gold worth 82,000 verl d'or and nearly
20,000 verl d'or in cash. With a little exchange, it would be enough to
meet the requirements of the Armored Shadow, Chen Tu, for a
conversation.

Of course, Franca didn't plan to do this anytime soon.

First, Lumian was in Morora. Without using his special connection with
the contract target, even knowing the Armored Shadow's name as Chen Tu,
Franca wasn't sure she could summon the spirit from the original world.
After all, that might not be its true name, and translating it into
ancient Hermes or other mystical languages might correspond to different
spirit world creatures.

Secondly, facing the Armored Shadow without a demigod present would
likely be extremely dangerous.

Amandina's presence might partially substitute for a demigod,
intimidating the Armored Shadow.

*Should we wait for Lumian to return from Morora before summoning Chen
Tu again?* Franca felt a mix of excitement and apprehension, a
state known as "near-home anxiety."

After a moment, she exhaled slowly, deciding to respond to Amandina on
Lumian's behalf.

*Hmm, Lumian promised to take Amandina to the area around the Samaritan
Woman's Spring, giving her a chance to meet the Underworld Daoist
outside of the Dream Festival.*

*This is beneficial for us, but it's too dangerous with my current
strength. Besides, I'm not sure if the power brought by The Celestial
Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings combined with the Tarot Club's
Minor Arcana identity can penetrate the fog around the Samaritan Woman's
Spring.*

*We should wait until Lumian is out of Morora. For now, I'll show
Amandina some goodwill to lay the groundwork for future cooperation...
Hmm, I'll organize some important mysticism knowledge and give it to
Amandina for free. Show some respect for the higher authority, if not
for me. If the Underworld Daoist sees how well I treat His disciple,
maybe His attitude will change...*

*Also, I'll ask Amandina which path of the divine she wants to take
besides the power of the boons and help her get the corresponding potion
formulas and materials. This won't be free. Giving everything for free
would make us look too humble and lead to disrespect. Too much kindness
can turn into resentment...*

*Amandina should choose between the paths of Darkness, Death, and
Warrior. The potion formulas and characteristics for the mid-to-low
Sequences of the Warrior path are relatively easy to find. Maybe we can
ask Madam Judgment to get help from Mr. Star for the Darkness path. He
seems to be a high-ranking member of the Evernight Goddess Church; last
time, he wore red gloves...*

*Perfect timing, I was about to report the secrets of the Demoness Sect
taught by the Demoness of Black and mention Amandina's situation to see
what mysticism knowledge can be shared and what can't be
leaked...*

Having sorted her thoughts, Franca returned to her bedroom, sat at her
desk, and began writing her report.

___

South Continent, Port Port Pylos of Matani, in a three-story white
marble villa.

Having finally made up her mind and sent out that letter, Amandina grew
more awake as the night went on, pacing back and forth in her soft,
girlish bedroom, waiting for Lumian's reply.

The more she learned about mysticism and Beyonders, the more she
realized the gap between herself and Lumian and how ignorant she had
been.

Though she felt she could continue living as she had, maintaining the
appearance of a normal high-society person with certain supernatural
abilities, the events during the Dream Festival and the rumors she had
heard from various mysticism circles made her feel a sense of crisis and
urgency.

Living in the South Continent in an era of increasing disasters, her
Sequence 7 Nightmare powers and current situation of facing everything
alone made her truly afraid that one day her entire family would become
sacrifices in a Rose School of Thought blood ritual or that the hidden
problems of the Dream Festival would suddenly erupt and engulf her.

The more she knew, the more afraid she became.

Amandina felt she could never return to her previous state of ignorance
and recklessness, and she had a strong desire for higher Sequences and
more extraordinary power.

That would mean she could do more and see more.

Suddenly, she saw the same cool-looking charred messenger from before
emerge from the void, handing her a small dressing mirror.

*A mirror? What does Lumian Lee mean by giving me a mirror?*
Amandina accepted the mirror with curiosity and confusion, feeling it
was quite ordinary.

She was about to ask the Penitent Baynfel when she noticed a dark,
aqueous light spreading across the mirror's surface.

As the light flowed, the mirror gradually brightened, revealing a
figure.

*A mystic telegraph? And one where you can see and talk to the other
person? How fascinating...* Amandina didn't notice the messenger
leaving, her attention entirely captivated by the mirror.

She soon realized that the figure in the mirror wasn't Lumian Lee but a
stranger, a woman.

The woman had lake-colored eyes, both bright and deep, as if hiding
countless words that made one want to explore them. Her nose was
delicate and straight, her lips a tempting combination of red and tender
white skin, and her eyebrows extended to her temples, with her flaxen
hair tied into a ponytail, giving her an air of elegance.

*So beautiful...* Amandina stared blankly, instinctively
admiring the woman in her mind.

She herself was a girl of outstanding appearance and had always been
proud of it, but this time, she felt no sense of competition, entirely
immersed in a beauty she had never seen before.

Her gaze naturally lowered, seeing the smooth, slender neck and the lace
flowers around the shirt collar.

For some reason, Amandina felt an urge to see the entire body of the
woman in the mirror, to see how beautiful she would look naked.

She felt this wasn't her own problem. Even Padre Cali who only liked men
would surely have a similar urge!

Using a bit of Charm to enhance goodwill for easier communication,
Franca also observed Amandina.

This girl had a waterfall of black hair and blue eyes, exuding a
youthful energy of free self-expression.

*All of Lumian's female acquaintances are quite beautiful... Is this a
Hunter's talent?* Franca smiled sweetly through the glass
mirror.

"Lumian is busy right now and can't leave, so he asked me to communicate
with you."

Amandina snapped out of her daze, shaking off the spell of the woman's
beauty.

She looked at Franca in the mirror, curiosity and a desire to explore
igniting within her.

"You're Lumian... Eh... Monsieur Lumian Lee's friend? The one who might
need my help in the future?"

"Yes." Franca smiled and nodded.

*Hmph, and you say you're not lovers. Such a beautiful woman makes even
me want to sleep with her. How much more for a man who doesn't like
men...* Amandina felt she had seen through Lumian's lie.

She straightened her waterfall-like hair and asked brightly, "I'm
willing to help you. Can you keep your promise?"

"That might have to wait until Lumian finishes his current tasks, and
you're not strong enough yet," Franca said succinctly. "Do you want to
advance through potions besides the power of boons? Which path do you
want: Death, Darkness, or Warrior?"

Franca spoke quickly because the power of the Ice Amulet was limited in
time.

After posing the question, she suddenly thought of something.

*It is said that the Warrior path's potions has a significant
height-enhancing effect, even turning the drinker into a giant at higher
levels...*

*Hmm, turning such a pretty girl into a three or four-meter-tall giant
beauty seems odd...* Franca wasn't sure if she was worried or
looking forward to it.

Amandina had discussed with Lumian which paths she could take and had
thought seriously about it, so she quickly made her decision.

"Darkness."

As a girl who had always been good at understanding her parents'
thoughts and was adored by her elders, Amandina felt that since the
figure during the Dream Festival had only given her the power of
Darkness and not the Death power given to Robert or the Warrior power
given to some gravekeepers, it might mean that He wanted her to be pure
and focus on the path of Darkness.

She also planned to go to the ancient tomb during the next Dream
Festival to receive more gifts, naturally not wanting to disappoint that
figure.

*I still want to see what happens when the power of the Death or Warrior
path is mixed with the Darkness boon...* Franca said seriously,
"I will inquire and gather the necessary things for you, but you need to
pay for it or complete tasks I assign."

Amandina was no longer the naive girl she used to be and understood the
value of potion formulas and Beyonder ingredients. She nodded. "Okay."

Franca smiled in the mirror.

"Also, I appreciate you agreeing to help. No matter what Lumian promised
you, I will provide you with some extra mysticism knowledge for free."

"Really?" Amandina was delighted.

*This beautiful lady is truly generous!*

*And it's not a trap. The potion formulas and Beyonder ingredients come
at a cost.*

Franca didn't answer directly but smiled and said, "Remember, my name is
Franca."

As she spoke, she raised her right hand and pushed a stack of stapled
papers forward.

In Amandina's eyes, the stack grew larger, eventually penetrating the
glass and falling into her hands, while Franca's image disappeared from
the mirror.

*Franca... Lumian Lee and she make a good match...* Amandina
imagined Lumian and Franca together, suddenly having some romantic
thoughts.

She whispered to herself, *That must be beautiful. I'd love to see
it...*

Suppressing the images in her mind, Amandina looked at the papers in her
hand, glancing over a line of words: "Law of Beyonder Characteristics
Convergence..."

*Wh---* Amandina was both bewildered and deeply impressed.

___

Morora, late night.

After the Carnivore bar closed, Lumian exited through the back door and
saw Gusain wearing a top silk hat.

Gusain slowly smiled. "I'll take you to the place for your test now."