---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2286
index: 810
section: vol5
slug: 810
title: Learning is my Hobby
---

## Chapter 810: Learning is my Hobby

Thinking that if it were truly dangerous and beyond her ability to help,
Madam Judgment would surely protect her, Franca pulled out a sheet of
pure white paper and began her reply:

"Dear Madam Judgment,

"If Mr. Star's requests are within reason, I have no problem with them."

After writing this, Franca read the rest of Madam Judgment's letter:

"The Demoness of Black's description and speculation about the
Primordial Demoness are a common view within the Demoness Sect. However,
if it were that simple, things wouldn't be this complicated.

"Many high-ranking witches believe the mirror world is vital for the
Demoness pathway. This isn't entirely inaccurate, but as a collective
concept of 'doors', the mirror world seems incapable of bearing such
importance.

"These are things we need to understand further.

"Two of Cups, I know this may be harsh, but you still need to continue
infiltrating the Demoness Sect for a while. You are currently our
highest-ranked member within the sect.

"Due to the peculiarities of the Demoness pathway, we cannot actively
cultivate male Assassins, and the existing Demoness Sect members are
mentally twisted, longing to approach the Primordial One. We can only
passively wait and find people like you who inadvertently enter the
Assassin pathway..."

*Suddenly feeling a heavy sense of responsibility...* Franca
muttered to herself, sighed, and continued writing her reply.

She wasn't too disappointed, still hoping to obtain the main ingredients
for the Demoness of Despair within the sect, provided she found a way to
bypass the cruel requirements of the advancement ritual.

After sending her reply, Franca leaned back in her chair, gazing idly
out the window at the night sky.

Suddenly, the area in front of her grew extremely dark, and a silver
skull emerged from the void, holding a letter in its mouth.

*Another letter? What's going on?* Franca took it, thanked the
messenger, and watched it leave before opening the letter, inhaling its
subtle, enduring fragrance:

"Dear Muggle,

"Do you remember the previous invitation?

"We're having an offline gathering in Trier this Saturday at 10 p.m. Are
you still interested in attending? If so, please reply promptly, and
I'll inform you of the location and participation details.

"Professor."

*An offline meeting of the Academy team? Lumian's life is so eventful!
I've barely been his proxy for a few days, and I'm already swamped with
tasks, one after another... Should he be called 007? Even 007 needs
sleep; he doesn't!* Franca couldn't help but lampoon.

She had already noticed that wherever Lumian went, hidden catastrophes
erupted one after another. But since she hadn't been directly involved
in most of them, the impact hadn't been as apparent. Now, as his
liaison, she felt it keenly.

After a while, Franca sighed.

She'd have to use the Ice Amulet to contact Lumian again!

Since obtaining it from the Demoness of Black, she hadn't used it for
investigating the Mirror People, spending it all on Lumian-related
matters.

She needed to ask Lumian if he wanted to attend the offline gathering of
the Academy team, which might include members of the Moses Ascetic
Order. If he did, he'd need to designate a substitute and try to send
out the Lie earrings.

Franca quickly wrote a letter regarding the matter, wrapping a copper
coin, some wraith dust, and her rarely used Beatrice's Necklace in the
paper.

She had noticed that after passing through the seal of Morora, Lumian's
letters lost their physical form, leaving only pure information. So, she
planned to experiment, seeing if ordinary items, highly spiritual items,
and Beyonder items could all pass through the seal and in what state
they would exist.

The experiment's results would determine if the Lie earrings could be
sent out.

If it weren't for the fact that each mystical item was precious and
useful, Franca would have included items containing Beyonder
characteristics in this experiment.

After preparing the small package, Franca walked to the full-length
mirror in the living room, putting on the Ice Amulet.

As it flashed with crystalline cold light, Franca pressed the package
into the glass surface.

___

Late at night in Morora, on the second floor of the Carnivore bar.

Lumian sat under a glowing white fireball, focused on reading "Examples
of Underground Mausoleum Construction."

Suddenly, he looked up, his eyes bloodshot, and glanced at the mirror in
the room.

The mirror's surface had turned dark, with ripples moving within it.

Lumian reluctantly set down his book, approached the mirror, and placed
his right hand on it.

He saw Intisian words appearing on the mirror's surface, line after
line, densely packed.

*Professor's invitation... Academy team's offline gathering...
experiment with transferring items...*

Lumian's thoughts raced. Taking advantage of the Ice Amulet's active
effect, he reached into the mirror and pulled out an item.

It was a diamond necklace.

Beatrice's Necklace!

The copper coin and wraith dust mentioned in Franca's letter were gone.

Lumian looked back at the mirror, seeing an image of the coin and wraith
dust around the densely packed words, with a ghostly presence.

As the Ice Amulet's power waned, and the words faded, the items
gradually disappeared.

*Only pure information and items with Beyonder power can pass through
that special mirror world, through the seal, and reach here? Hmm, items
with godhood shouldn't work either, only something made within
Morora...* Lumian played with Beatrice's Necklace, using the Ice
Amulet's remaining power to send Franca two words: "Necklace, okay."

The aqueous glow within the mirror quickly receded, and the dark glass
returned to normal.

Soon, the mirror showed another anomaly.

This time, Franca sent the Ice Amulet through.

This helped Lumian conserve the use of the Mirror Cufflink---only two
uses left.

Holding the icy talisman, Lumian began writing his reply.

He detailed the experiment results and his observations on the item
transfer process, then instructed Franca to attend the Academy team's
offline gathering in Trier as Muggle on his behalf.

After folding the letter and enclosing the Lie earrings and Ice Amulet,
Lumian activated the latter, pressing the package into the glass mirror,
sending it to Franca's apartment mirror.

Franca received the items, read Lumian's letter carefully, and murmured
to herself, both expectant and anxious.

*Do I really have to pretend to be Muggle?*

*Sigh, the Ice Amulet can only transmit information nine more
times...*

Meanwhile, Lumian returned to his desk and resumed reading "Examples of
Underground Mausoleum Construction."

He was reluctant to rest; the more he read, the more compelling the
books became.

Of course, Lumian knew this was a sign of slight corruption.

Just then, he heard a loud explosion.

It came from a few blocks away!

*Explosion?* Lumian used his Ascetic endurance to break free
from the compulsion, extinguished the fireball, and moved to the window
to observe outside.

The explosions continued, with brilliant flames illuminating the streets
hundreds of meters away.

It was on the route from the Carnivore bar to the Church of Knowledge.

Lumian saw Julie jump out of her room, landing lightly like a feather,
then blending into the shadows, disappearing.

*Hunters causing explosions and fires?* Lumian rubbed his
temples, looking reluctant.

He grumbled to himself, *I really don't want to get involved in your
schemes and fights; I just want to study peacefully.*

Since discovering the important knowledge in the books specified by
Heraberg, he had become increasingly focused, spending all his time
reading except when "acting" outside.

If not for the risk of exposing the books' importance, he would have
used his special abilities to study all night.

The more seriously he studied, the less he wanted to do anything else,
often relying on sheer willpower and even his Ascetic abilities to break
free from that mental state.

After a moment, Lumian's expression calmed, and he muttered to himself,
*When I find the opportunity to eliminate you all, I can finally study
in peace...*

Suppressing his abnormal emotions, Lumian transformed into a shadow
creature, slipping into the darkness between buildings and heading
toward the explosion site.

Soon, he reached the destination and saw a half-collapsed
building---Dades Agricultural Company.

*Wanak's Dades Agricultural Company? Someone attacked Wanak?*
Lumian snapped out of his study-induced haze, his mind suddenly alert.

He saw two giant figures emerge from the building.

They were three to four meters tall, with iron-like skin and blue paint
depicting clothing, each holding a giant broadsword.

*Iron soldiers? Giant iron soldiers?* Lumian immediately
recalled the iron soldiers he had seen deep in the Sauron family's Red
Swan Castle crypt.

The next moment, one of the iron soldiers smashed through the collapsed
wall and fixed its cold gaze on the shadow Lumian was hiding in.

It charged at Lumian, raising its giant broadsword.