---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2290
index: 814
section: vol5
slug: 814
title: Missing "Ten Pillars"
---

## Chapter 814: Missing "Ten Pillars"

Franca couldn't talk about the Celestial Master at the moment, nor could
she ask the Professors what knowledge the Hidden Sage had imparted. She
could only note this anomaly silently and planned to report it to Madam
Judgment later, so the Major Arcana card holders could determine what
was wrong.

After a moment of silence, Isotope spoke heavily, "Everyone here
understands the pain of being force-fed knowledge by the Hidden Sage. So
far, we can barely endure it, but if the frequency increases, or the
intensity goes up, it won't be long before our brains explode with
knowledge, turning us into monsters."

Professor sighed slowly. "I agree. We must have a sense of crisis."

Periodic Table seemed a bit unstable. "I do feel a sense of crisis, but
does it help? Can we unite and kill the Hidden Sage? I used to have such
fantasies, but now... heh heh."

Franca could understand the last two sentences from Periodic Table. In
the first two or three years after transmigrating into this world, as an
atheist who had read many novels, she initially regarded the Seven Gods
as more powerful Beyonders. She believed that as someone on the path of
the divine, she might one day have a chance to slay deities and prove
her way. But after witnessing more, gaining more knowledge in mysticism,
she deeply understood the gap between Low- and Mid-Sequence Beyonders
and demigods.

And that was just demigods, not true gods.

According to the Demoness of Black, true gods could modify and adjust
the Sequence abilities within their pathways to some extent!

Meanwhile, Franca recalled the past and noticed that during their
gatherings in the Nation of the Evernight, the Warlocks rarely expressed
such intense negative emotions. Now, they were no longer hiding their
pain and struggle, showing it very directly.

*The Academy group has too many non-Warlock members, and those here
today are a small circle who know each other well, so they can be more
genuine? But I---no, Muggle---am not part of your circle. Are these
intense emotions partly an act? What's the purpose?* Franca
didn't know if Lumian had infected her with paranoia or if her
experiences with the Savoie Mob and the Demoness Sect had made her
cautious.

"Yeah, what can we do..." she echoed Periodic Table's sentiment,
seemingly touched.

Professor, steady as usual, said gently, "At least we can look for items
or methods to reduce the negative effects of the Knowledge Pursuer.

Periodic Table was silent for a moment, then sighed deeply. "That's all
we can do for now."

The Warlocks, along with Griffin and Eagle, discussed this issue,
proposing various ideas and rejecting most, leaving a few for further
verification.

Franca also used her imagination. Eventually, she said thoughtfully,
"It's a pity we can't predict exactly when the Hidden Sage will go mad.
Otherwise, I know a place that might effectively reduce the impact."

"What place?" Associate Professor asked quickly.

Franca didn't intend to hide it. She felt that if Lumian were here, he
would definitely reveal that location to the Professors.

Based on her understanding of Lumian: She had long noticed that Lumian
was especially empathetic towards those with similar experiences and
sufferings as his. Although he spoke harshly, he couldn't help but
provide some assistance. Similarly, he also empathized with those who
had similar experiences to Aurore, often putting himself in his sister's
shoes.

Franca sighed slightly. "The small sacrificial square at the entrance of
the third level of the catacombs. It seems to have remnants of the
powers of the Eternal Blazing Sun and the God of Steam and Machinery,
which can shield most of the external influences."

Professor's eyes brightened slightly under the butterfly mask. "I've
been there, but I didn't know there were remnants of divine power."

She paused, adding, "This is actually very useful. When we are on the
brink of breaking, I will take a box of white candles and enough food,
stay at the sacrificial square until the accumulated effects dissipate
and my body and soul recover, then come back up."

"Exactly!" Franca was happy for these Curly-Haired Baboons Research
Society members.

Professor continued to say to Periodic Table and the others, "We can
also seek help from Beyonders of the Apothecary pathway to produce
medicine that quickly restores the body and soul."

"Temporary enhancement of brain capacity, learning ability, and soul
strength would also work," Isotope and the others chimed in.

Their spirits finally lifted a bit.

After another half-hour of chatting, Professor and Associate Professor
called a few people to fetch the board games from the study, while
Franca stood up and went to the small bar in the opposite living room to
get a drink.

As she hesitated between fruit beer and soda, Periodic Table came to her
side, looking over the drinks and lowering his voice, "Muggle, weren't
you looking for members of the Moses Ascetic Order?"

Seeing Muggle with her hood pulled up turning to him, Periodic Table's
chemical symbols on his face shifted as he smiled. "I am one."

*So, finally, you're admitting?* Franca wasn't surprised at all.

She even suspected all the Warlocks in this small circle were members,
and Griffin and Eagle, who were not Warlocks, might be as well.

"You guessed it a long time ago?" Periodic Table noticed Muggle had no
emotional fluctuation.

Franca chuckled softly. "It's not strange. I'm also a member of another
secret organization. Many in the Research Society should have
backgrounds in secret organizations or orthodox churches. It's not a
problem as long as it doesn't violate our contract."

Periodic Table smiled. "That's true. You mentioned a Mirror Person named
Griffith secretly replacing one of our members? I have a suspect now."

Franca had been tracking the whereabouts of the ore scholar,
Jasmine---suspected to be Mirror People Palia---but had no leads. She
didn't expect a clue about the more important Mirror Person, Griffith.

"Who is it?" she asked directly.

Period Table organized his thoughts. "Normally, I should report this to
the higher-ups of the Ascetic Order for confirmation and handling, but I
can't contact my direct Pillar lately."

"Pillar?" Franca asked, puzzled.

"The brass of our Moses Ascetic Order consists of the Ten Pillars, ten
powerful demigods, maybe more. The one responsible for the Trier greater
region and my direct superior is Kmerolo. After the terrifying
rainstorm, his orders have lessened, and recently, we've had no response
from our attempts to contact him," Periodic Table explained heavily.

*After the Hostel Project, the brass of the Moses Ascetic Order in Trier
had anomalies and then disappeared? This information is crucial and must
be reported quickly...* Franca looked at Periodic Table and
asked, "No emergency contact with other Pillars?"

Period Table sighed. "No. Normally, we should pray to the Hidden Sage,
report the anomaly, and He would give a revelation. But we tried, and
there was no revelation, nor did any other Pillar contact us."

*Because the Hidden Sage has gone crazier?* Franca nodded. "Go
on."

Periodic Table laughed bitterly. "This situation isn't bad. Though
lacking high-level guidance and resources, we also don't have dangerous
tasks---unless Nikila is the Mirror Person Griffith."

"Nikila?" Franca pressed.

Periodic Table tersely acknowledged. "He's Kmerolo's deputy. Recently,
his behavior makes me suspect he might be a Mirror Person."

"What behavior?" Franca asked in confirmation.

Periodic Table thought and said, "He gets angry more easily, has more
negative emotions, and I noticed he seems awkward using his right hand,
though he's right-handed."

"What's his real identity?" Franca's eyes lit up.

Periodic Table hesitated. "I can't be sure he's a Mirror Person. It's
normal to have uncontrolled negative emotions after prolonged knowledge
infusion. Before telling you his identity and possible residence, I hope
to sign a notarized document with you, ensuring if he's not the Mirror
Person, you won't kill him and must let him go."

As he spoke, he took out an expensive notarized document from a hidden
pocket.

Seeing Muggle's slightly surprised look, Periodic Table laughed
self-deprecatingly.

"Blame it on us following the maxim, 'do as you wish, but do no harm.'"

"Sure, no problem," Franca agreed readily.

She wasn't one to kill innocents.

___

Late at night in Morora.

Lumian put down his book, rubbed his aching head, and decided to rest by
thinking of something else.

As he considered if he had missed any enemies or competitors, the mirror
in the room glowed with water.

Wanak, with iron-black eyes and blood-red hair, appeared again, saying
in a deep voice, "Gusain and Albus are about to step into the trap. I'll
tell you my 'hiding place' now."

*Is it starting?* Lumian's mind immediately focused.