---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2324
index: 848
section: vol5
slug: 848
title: Project Fishing
---

## Chapter 848: Project Fishing

*Harrison?*

*He's still in Trier?*

*007, how come you haven't found him yet? Is your Eternal Blazing Sun
Church even capable?*

As Franca's spirits lifted, feelings of joy and excitement welled up
inside her.

She had mobilized members of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society
to keep an eye out for Harrison worldwide, but it turned out the target
was still in Trier. Of course, he may have just returned recently.

While inwardly criticizing the Purifiers' work capabilities, Franca also
sensed something unusual about this situation.

She lowered her voice and said thoughtfully, "Recently, Jasmine has
appeared in Underground Trier twice, and people in the vicinity have
encountered Harrison both times. This can't be a coincidence.

"Is Harrison collaborating with the Mirror People?"

Anthony ate the last cream puff and took a sip of coffee before saying,
"This can actually be deduced.

"Mr. Hanged Man said that Harrison is likely to appear in places closely
related to death, darkness, dusk, and decay, like the Samaritan Women's
Spring deep in the fourth level of the underground catacombs. Based on
the information we currently have, the appearance of the Samaritan
Women's Spring originated from the War of the Four Emperors, from Fourth
Epoch Trier.

"So, Harrison has a motive to open the seal and enter Fourth Epoch
Trier, which aligns with the Mirror People's goals. Although it's
unclear how they got in touch, don't forget that the Mirror People have
deep cooperation with those Brokers."

"Those Brokers are more annoying than buzzing flies." Franca sighed
sincerely.

She then turned to Anthony and said, "You can go take care of your own
business now. I'll discuss with Jenna and Lumian how to use this to find
Harrison."

"Alright." Anthony had already done his best in gathering intelligence.

After saying goodbye to Anthony, Franca went straight back to Rue
Orosai.

Not wanting to expose Lumian's current residence, she planned to use a
summoning messenger to have her two companions come over themselves.

*I'll summon Rabbit Chasel first. What reward should I give it this
time? I can't let Jenna have her way; I feel like she's training Rabbit
Chasel in a very dangerous direction...* Franca thought for a
few seconds, then turned her gaze to the coffee table.

There lay a book---after several months of delay, the sixth volume of
Fors Wall's The Great Adventurer series was finally out!

This volume was titled "The Great Adventurer 6: The Future"

Franca had just bought it yesterday and hadn't read it yet. She had only
flipped through the afterword, seeing that the great writer Fors Wall
said she had originally wanted to name this volume "Admiral of Stars" or
"Biologist", but ultimately abandoned these ideas based on a sudden
inspiration.

Soon, Franca summoned Rabbit Chasel.

Behind this coolly dressed Rabbit of Knowledge, a timid rabbit-shaped
Spirit Body wearing boxing gloves faintly appeared in the void.

*Tsk, putting on a show, are we?* Franca smiled as she handed
the letter paper and "The Great Adventurer 6" to Rabbit Chasel,
instructing, "Remember to return it to me after reading."

It wasn't that she couldn't part with such a book, but maintaining a
give-and-take relationship with Rabbit Chasel would help build a good
rapport. In the future, she might be able to ask it to introduce other
special "talents" from the Rabbits of Knowledge who could also serve as
messengers.

Rabbit Chasel's eyes lit up. "Absolutely no problem!"

After sending off Rabbit Chasel, Franca summoned Penitent Baynfel.

After completing these two tasks, she lay down in the armchair and
pondered her next moves.

*I need to notify 007 in the telegram group tonight...*

*Should I try to contact Professor and the others, mobilize the power of
the Mystery Pryers to search for Harrison together?*

*Sigh, now we've only confirmed Harrison is in Trier, lacking
substantial clues to investigate. We can't even go all out even if we
wanted to...*

*We can't just wander around Underground Trier every day, waiting for
the right opportunity, can we?*

*Magic Mirror Divination can't provide answers...*

*Hmm, I still need to report this quickly. Mr. Hanged Man and the other
Major Arcana card holders are also looking for Harrison
themselves...*

Franca sat up abruptly and continued her busy work.

During this process, she also contemplated her own situation.

*If we still can't find him, I might end up digesting some of my
Affliction potion...*

*Well, after dealing with the Mirror Person Nikila, I've already
digested a bit. The first rule of the Demoness of Affliction's acting
principle is quite easy to summarize:*

*Bring pain to the target, not just physical, but also mental.*

*The second acting principle should be closely related to oneself. Is
pain the foundation of a Demoness?*

*I should strive to summarize all the acting principles soon, digest the
potion quickly. Lumian is already preparing for the ritual to advance to
Sequence 4 Iron-blooded Knight, I can't let him leave me too far
behind...*

Just as she thought of this, Franca felt the wind at the open window
pause for a second.

Then, Jenna's figure quickly materialized.

This newly advanced Demoness of Pleasure hadn't made herself ugly
through makeup techniques, but had adjusted the "direction" of her
charm's diffusion---she wore a black robe, concealing her attractive
figure. At the same time, she used makeup to give her skin a sickly pale
look, as if she hadn't seen sunlight for a long time. Her lips were
painted very red, forming a stark contrast with her skin...

This made Jenna look more like a Vampire, with her charm mainly
concentrated on the intricateness of her features and overall beauty,
rather than sexual attraction.

*So it can be done this way... Not bad, Vampire Jenna is beautiful
too...* Franca smiled as she examined her for a few moments
until Jenna hesitated for a moment before asking, "What important
intelligence did you obtain?"

Franca sat back in the armchair, crossed her legs, and explained the
Harrison situation in detail.

Jenna, already seated in the single sofa, wasn't as excited as Franca,
after all, she knew too little to experience that deep and complex
emotion.

She pondered for a moment and said, "At this point in time, Harrison is
suspected to be cooperating with the Mirror People... Is this also part
of the vortex?"

"It's possible." Franca nodded heavily and mumbled, "Why hasn't Lumian
arrived yet?"

"He went out," Jenna paused before saying, "Probably."

Franca blurted out in surprise, "How do you know?"

Jenna smiled and answered, "He told me yesterday that his first step in
taming Ludwig was to assign him homework related to food, which required
Ludwig to go out and complete on his own. Hmm... according to you, it's
like creating a food guide for Trier Meat Pie."

"Gradually ramping up the gaslighting, huh..." Franca muttered, "Did you
discuss this when you left yesterday? He plans to follow Ludwig?"

"He's afraid Ludwig might converge with other believers of the Devouring
Whirlpool, and Lugano is only Sequence 7, unable to stop it." Jenna
first briefly explained Lumian's concerns, then her eyes flickered
slightly as she said, "This should only be one of the reasons."

"Are there other reasons?" Franca tucked her hair and tried to
understand the Hunter's countless hidden intentions.

A smile appeared on Jenna's face.

"Yes, although he didn't say it, that's what I think. His hidden purpose
should be to engage in his favorite activity: Fishing!"

Franca was enlightened. "Using Ludwig to fish for other believers of the
Devouring Whirlpool?"

Jenna nodded and further added, "Judging from the style of Overseer
Perle, no matter what plans the Brokers make, they will most likely
gather different forces and people through covert transactions,
maximizing the advantages of their own pathway. So, there's a good
chance that believers of the Devouring Whirlpool and other heretics have
been brought onto Project Vortex.

"If we can catch higher-level believers of the Devouring Whirlpool, we
might be able to further understand the situation of Project Vortex and
discover its key points."

Franca inwardly hissed. "This is Lumian's style, on the surface he's
training Ludwig, but in reality, he's fishing for heretics,
investigating Project Vortex. The most infuriating thing is, his surface
goal is indeed very real and important!"

After this exclamation, Franca looked at Jenna and praised with a smile,
"You're getting smarter and smarter!"

"Dammit, when you suddenly praise me like this, I don't know whether to
accept it gracefully or be modest. If it were Lumian, he would
definitely say 'You've barely caught up to my train of thought'." The
latter half of Jenna's sentence imitated Lumian's tone.

Franca pondered for a moment, her lips slowly curling into a smile.

"Fishing is indeed a good method.

"We can use the same approach to find Harrison.

"Harrison has a deep understanding and very sinister application of
death, and is also looking for scenarios closely related to death,
darkness, dusk, and other such powers. Does this mean he can be
converged by Beyonders of these pathways?

"This could be convergence from high-ranking individuals, and should
also include certain special convergences, such as the Underworld Daoist
seal on Lumian, or the Samaritan Women's Spring. Hmm, Amandina's power
comes directly from the Underworld Daoist, and the Underworld Daoist
seems to possess powers of death, darkness, and dusk simultaneously.
Amandina might be able to converge on Harrison as well..."

At this point, Franca's eyes became exceptionally bright.

"I choose all of the above!

"Once Lumian's condition stabilizes, we'll have him take Amandina to the
Samaritan Women's Spring to meet the Underworld Daoist. We'll ambush
nearby to see if Harrison will converge!"

___

Quartier de la Republic, Rue Richelieu.

Standing in the shadows at the side of the street, Lumian rubbed his
nose, feeling as if a romantic scent still lingered.

The emotions and desires he had accumulated since becoming an Ascetic
were finally released to a large extent through last night's events,
making his condition quite good.

But his mood was very heavy, stemming both from feeling torn and guilty,
as well as concern for others' feelings.

*True "pleasure" indeed makes one want to indulge, hmm, just want to,
but it really does bring pain... Dammit, I'll go back and mock Jenna
harshly to vent these emotions...* Lumian exhaled slowly,
turning his gaze towards Ludwig, who was savoring a red fish hot beef
pie not far away.