---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2342
index: 866
section: vol5
slug: 866
title: The Painting
---

## Chapter 866: The Painting

In Trier, within the botanical garden, inside the wooden house.

Lumian and the others were blinded by the sudden bright light from the
sky, unable to open their eyes for a full minute.

Ludwig was the first to recover. He ran to the window and looked out at
the plants, as if searching for something.

Lumian was the second to recover. He frowned and said to Franca, Jenna,
and Anthony, "Is this the start of the vortex? It's quite a commotion."

"I wonder if it will affect us," Franca said just as a strong sense of
danger washed over her.

In such matters, Demonesses always had keen intuition.

Almost simultaneously, Jenna exclaimed, "It will definitely affect us! I
have a feeling we can't stay here any longer!"

Lumian paused for a moment, then quickly whispered, "Termiboros, you
didn't warn me because what's about to happen is something you want to
see?"

As he spoke, Lumian signaled to Franca, Jenna, Anthony, and Lugano to
come closer. They each grabbed his arm, shoulder, and vest.

The only one who lacked the tacit understanding was Ludwig.

Lumian looked at the young boy and said sternly, "Do you want to be
punished with homework? Get over here!"

Ludwig's face showed fear, and he instinctively turned his body. But the
next second, he reluctantly looked back out the window.

He didn't know what he was waiting for; he just felt he should stay
here, waiting for something very important.

"Hmm?" Lumian urged again.

Ludwig's expression changed, and he finally couldn't resist the
authority of his godfather and his fear of schoolwork and exams. He ran
over to Lumian, grabbing his black vest.

*Still lacking tacit understanding, the ritual can't be considered
complete...* Lumian sighed inwardly and activated the black mark
on his right shoulder.

He needed to teleport this large group to the New City of Silver, to the
headquarters of the Church of The Fool!

Lumian saw layers of dense colors and countless transparent, strange
figures, along with the seven pure, bright lights always far overhead.

He was about to travel through the familiar spirit world to the
coordinates representing the New City of Silver when his body suddenly
felt heavy, pulling him away from this fantastical, mysterious, mad, and
illusory world.

Lumian found himself and the others back in the wooden house within the
botanical garden, in the same state as when Ludwig had just grabbed his
vest.

With his extensive experience, Lumian's eyes narrowed, and he warned his
companions, Franca and Jenna, "Circle Inhabitant!"

___

Outside Emperor Roselle's mausoleum on the primitive island, in the area
in front of the tomb shrouded in thin white mist.

The three pieces of information that flew out from the point of light
where Fate's Attendant Héloïse was located landed on three different
points of light.

One was where Higdon of the Order of All Extinction was, another seemed
to be inside a tunnel under Trier, where a figure holding a carbide
lamp, dressed in a black robe, and looking different from those from the
Northern and Southern Continents, was the visitor from Easter Island
named Harrison.

The third point of light first showed darkness, then outlined a figure.
This figure was in his fifties, with a thick head of hair with a hint of
white, and clear, deep lake-blue eyes.

He was a man with neatly trimmed facial hair, and his features were
well-defined. Even at his age, he could be considered handsome.

Voisin Sanson!

Circle Inhabitant of the Sinners, Voisin Sanson!

The father of Roche Louise Sanson, the original identity of Aurore, a
follower of Inevitability, Voisin Sanson!

As soon as Voisin Sanson, dressed in a black suit, received the
information about Lumian, Ludwig, and the others' location, he
disappeared into the darkness of the expanding point of light.

Higdon of the Order of All Extinction also quickly left his room, no
longer participating in this real-time, complex trade without physical
distance.

Overseer Perle showed no surprise at this. With her ethereal voice, she
announced the progress of the trade, "Voisin Sanson of the Sinners has
obtained crucial information about the recovery of the Inevitability
Angel. The corresponding price will be paid by the great Circle of
Inevitability.

"Mr. Higdon of the Order of All Extinction has begun his actions. The
reward will be given after he completes the recovery of the Angel of
Primordial Hunger and provides some assistance to Voisin Sanson, paid by
Loki of April Fool's..."

As Perle's words spread, and with the invocation of those honorific
names, the area around the white mist grew increasingly dim and
uncertain, shadows rising as if a terrifying will was about to descend.

Normally, Perle shouldn't have known or spoken of information regarding
great beings, as it would bring extremely terrible and severe
consequences. After all, after convincing the gray-leaning Queen Mystic
Bernadette with previous events, she had only received a new blessing
through a substantial sacrifice, becoming a true Vortex Weaver, but not
yet reaching the rank of an Angel.

However, she was currently under the protection of the vortex ritual and
had just accepted a wisp of mist transmitted by her faith's truth, the
Uncertain Mist, allowing her to remain unaffected. Her understanding of
those great beings came from that wisp of mist, previously only
contacting corresponding secret organizations and underground cults to
reach relatively certain agreements.

At this moment, Bernadette disintegrated herself into strands of
information, surging towards Perle's face within the gray mist in a vast
torrent.

She hoped to influence the other party in this way, preventing the
subsequent trades from progressing but without destroying the current
ritual.

Perle's face, composed of mist, suddenly dispersed, disappearing from
Bernadette's perception.

The vast torrent of information surged forward, seemingly lost in the
white mist, unable to find the true location of the target.

Soon, the torrent of information separated from the white mist and
reformed Bernadette's body. Perle's face then reappeared in different
parts of the white mist, sometimes smiling, sometimes cursing, sometimes
pretending to be friendly, sometimes babbling.

These faces converged inward, once again forming Perle's sometimes
distorted, sometimes normal blurred face within the depths of the white
mist.

Perle continued speaking with the Words of Order, "Harrison from Easter
Island has received information about Lumian Lee's location. After the
vortex ritual ends, he will use the special mirror world to visit Fourth
Epoch Trier, paying a special item of the Fate pathway as a reward.

"This is the item Fate's Attendant Madam Héloïse wishes to obtain..."

As Perle announced the new trade, a half-body figure that was nearly
transparent and quite ethereal grew from Bernadette's back.

This figure looked identical to Bernadette, even in clothing. She held a
pale mask with only holes for the eyes, shining with a metallic luster,
and quickly put it on.

Pale Death!

Another Grade 0 Sealed Artifact Sealed Artifact owned by Bernadette,
Pale Death!

She intended to use this to control Perle.

At that moment, Bernadette's vision blurred suddenly, and the
surrounding environment and distances became exceptionally chaotic.

She was passively shifted in position, hearing an unusually familiar
deep voice in her ear: *"Bernadette..."*

___

Outside the Black Emperor's mausoleum, within the increasingly dense and
varied white mist.

In an underground location somewhere in Trier, within his corresponding
point of light, Harrison took out an item.

It was a thumb-sized, colorful bead with a glass-like texture, exuding a
calming aura.

Harrison then threw the bead into the surrounding white mist.

Under Overseer Perle's gaze, the bead passed through Harrison's
corresponding point of light, through the dense white mist, and into the
point of light where Dreamseeker founder---Héloïse---was.

The delicate woman weaving fate caught the colorful, glass-like bead
with her remaining right hand.

Her tightly shut eyes suddenly saw a scene:

A bald man in a yellow robe with a strange cape sat cross-legged on a
bed, a halo of pure light behind his head. Deep within the halo seemed
to lead to the unknown, hiding many things.

Héloïse put down the bead, pulled out another strand of hair, and
completed the last bit of her task.

It was a blessing.

A blessing from fate!

"Project Vortex will be successfully completed."

Héloïse's black hair carried this message, woven into the previous
threads.

With a swish, a large piece of skin on the right half of Héloïse's face
was torn off by an invisible force, revealing the bloody, wriggling
flesh beneath.

She had not yet become an Angel and could not normally weave such
far-reaching fate. She could only forcefully complete it with the
goddess's statue, but each weave brought severe damage. Her eyes had
gone blind in the process, and her feet, legs, left arm, and fingers had
also been broken.

Of course, as long as she did not die on the spot, she could obtain
special medicine for treatment through transactions with Brokers.

Overseer Perle's face in the white mist turned her gaze to another point
of light.

This point of light showed a scene of an altar inside an ancient castle,
surrounded by intact but lifeless bodies, their flesh and bones made
into brushes and paints.

A man with long hair, empty eyes, and a frenzied expression had
completed the preliminary preparations at the center of the altar.

It was a nearly finished, eerie oil painting, just two strokes away from
completion.

The painting depicted an endless, dark starry sky with blood-red circles
on the left, resembling a special tunnel or a creature's mouth. On the
right, numerous silver-white and black flickered from bone powder, just
short of forming a ring.

Overseer Perle's voice resonated.

"The string believer, Mr. Sage of the Fantasy Association, has
sacrificed many bestowed and followers and is about to complete a
magnificent and outstanding painting!

"Next, we will witness the unveiling of that painting. Mr. Sage's reward
will be personally given by the great Uncertain Mist at the end of the
vortex ritual, which is also what the great being he believes in wants
to see."