---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2343
index: 867
section: vol5
slug: 867
title: Exerting Influence
---

## Chapter 867: Exerting Influence

The man known as Mr. Sage used a brush made of bone and hair, dipped it
into the paint made from flesh and blood, and painstakingly applied it
to the depths of the blood-red circles.

Perle's ethereal voice sounded once again.

"This is an outstanding painting representing the endless cosmos. Once
completed, it will allow two great beings to transmit a bit of Their
power into the barrier. Although this cannot be used for targeted
attacks or corruption, it can exert more universal influence according
to predetermined rules..."

Before Perle could finish speaking, Mr. Sage, with his long hair and
vacant eyes, finally pressed the human hair and bone brush onto the
predetermined spot.

His right side suddenly melted like a candle, with flesh flowing towards
the brush, racing into the depths of the blood-red circles. It seemed as
though it really connected to the endless cosmos, where no matter how
much flesh accumulated, it eventually vanished.

Mr. Sage, left with only half a body and half a head, still had not
died. He caught the falling brush with his left hand.

On the oil painting, a pin-sized dot appeared in the depths of the
blood-red circles.

It was dark, as if a sound was emanating from it.

Perle's face in the white mist announced the results of the trade with
the Words of Order, "The great Inextinguishable Ravings has transmitted
the First Philosophy, allowing the Immortal Voice to penetrate the
barrier in small amounts. These will be received by all who can hear
unknown and mystical voices. The higher the Sequence, the greater the
impact!

"And some faithful followers of the First Philosophy will, after the
vortex ritual is truly over, approach the remnants of the Knowledge Moor
in Fourth Epoch Trier with the help of the Mirror People..."

___

Trier, at the real residence of Professor and Associate Professor.

Just recovering from the sudden burst of brilliant light and barely able
to see their surroundings, Professor and Associate Professor were
worried about the current anomalies. They discussed whether to take the
children to the small sacrificial square in the underground catacombs,
their expressions changing.

Instinctively, they raised their hands to cover their ears, but their
facial muscles still twisted, and the veins on their temples bulged and
throbbed.

They heard an indescribable strange sound, causing both physical and
mental anguish.

In their pain, Professor and Associate Professor exchanged glances,
seeing the confusion in each other's eyes.

This wasn't the voice of the Hidden Sage!

This was an unprecedented situation for Professor and Associate
Professor. Although they occasionally discovered some mysterious sounds
while researching Warlock spells and exploring certain special
scenarios, aside from the indoctrination by the Hidden Sage, they had
never encountered such unannounced sounds. Moreover, even without
carefully distinguishing the content of the sounds, they suffered severe
effects.

Fortunately, compared to the indoctrination of the Hidden Sage, this
seemed more bearable and did not push them to the brink of losing
control.

Most Beyonders of the Mystery Pryer pathway, upon hearing these
mysterious terrifying sounds, witnessed a phantom light composed of
complex information writhing madly like a shedding giant snake in an
unknown place.

___

In the basement of the house where the Psychic magazine was located.

Mr. K, wearing a black robe and hood, suddenly stood up from the
red-backed chair.

The veins on the back of his exposed hands had turned black, writhing
like insects.

"No, no..." Mr. K muttered in pain, "It's not the Lord's voice!"

He suddenly shouted, pulling off his hood and sticking his fingers into
his ears.

Mr. K's face had completely twisted, making his original appearance
unrecognizable. He continually muttered in a voice filled with more
mental agony than physical pain:

"It's not the Lord's voice! It's not the Lord's voice!"

Amidst the grating sound, Mr. K used both hands to tear off his ears,
the ripped flesh grotesque and terrifying.

It wasn't enough!

Mr. K forcefully inserted his fingers into his ear canals, puncturing
his eardrums and clogging his ear passages.

Yet, he still heard the sound.

He prostrated, lying on the ground, and tearfully repented to his Lord.

As he repented, he vomited clumps of blood-stained organs.

Similar to Mr. K, some Angels, Saints, and Oracles of the Aurora Order
also suffered intense and painful effects, making it difficult to follow
the Lord's commands to stop something.

In the Forsaken Land of the Gods.

A majestic mountain range was surrounded by strange light, with dense
darkness at its core.

At the edge of the light, various twisted shadows continued to form,
rushing madly like moths into the darkness at the center.

The darkness occasionally split open, revealing a gaze from behind the
veil.

___

On the bloody altar in the ancient castle, Mr. Sage pressed the human
hair and bone brush into a pile of silver-black bone powder made from
some unknown substance.

The painter, now only half a body and half a head, twisted the brush
forcefully, then raised it, aiming it at the last unfinished part of the
"Endless Cosmos" oil painting.

As the brush fell, Mr. Sage's remaining half-body and half-head also
began to melt like a candle.

Soon, the brush, carrying the painter, completed the silver-black ring.

Almost simultaneously, the ring became ethereal, as if scratched, and
seemed to merge into the air.

Three faint figures appeared on the silver-black ring, constantly
changing positions as if eternally chasing each other.

The "Endless Cosmos" oil painting was completed, but Mr. Sage would
never see this work.

Overseer Perle's voice sounded once more: "The great Circle of
Inevitability has gazed upon this. All external forces attempting to
interfere with Project Vortex will inevitably fail, except for the
participants themselves."

___

Above the blue sea, in the sky where the strong light had driven away
the white clouds.

Madam Magician, dressed in a women's shirt and brown ankle-length skirt,
appeared with Miss Justice and Ma'am Hermit.

The latter not only wore her usual glasses but also had layers of
dazzling starlight covering her ears.

When the mysterious, terrifying, and unknown sound appeared earlier,
Madam Magician had sealed Ma'am Hermit's listening abilities in both the
literal and mystical senses.

Although this could not completely isolate the sound's influence, it
significantly reduced its effect, allowing Ma'am Hermit to perform basic
actions and Warlock spells.

Gazing at the blue sea below, Madam Magician frowned slightly and said,
"I clearly pinpointed the island where the Emperor slumbers.

"This is the third failure, a failed wandering...

"Inevitable failure?"

Only Miss Justice, wearing a white dress with golden patterns, could
hear The Magician's voice.

Miss Justice was about to relay the question to Ma'am Hermit through
mental communication when The Hermit, dressed in a patterned purple
robe, foresaw a certain scene.

Enduring the pain, The Hermit used Fairytale Magic to create a brightly
colored, somewhat unrealistic ball of yarn in her palm.

Ma'am Hermit threw the yarn forward, watching it roll into the void,
leaving only a thread in the air to guide the direction.

In the blink of an eye, the ethereal yarn rolled back from the void to
Ma'am Hermit's feet.

___

In Trier, the villa where several members of the Rose School were hiding
was enveloped in holy and pure light, forming a slowly shaping golden
sun.

There was no shadow or darkness here.

Angoulême de François and his team were awakened by Saint Viève's attack
on the villa.

They immediately received Saint Plessy's order to evacuate the area.

But before they could turn around, they were nearly blinded by the
brilliant light exploding from above, their bodies and minds in shock.

When the light subsided, they recovered and ran frantically towards the
street away from the villa.

Angoulême was most grateful that the surrounding residents had already
been evacuated.

After running for a while, his vision blurred, and his thoughts became
hazy.

He found himself and his team back where they had been standing,
affecting Saint Viève's performance.

___

In Trier, high above the city.

Mr. Hanged Man, Mr. Star, and Mr. Moon's figures quickly appeared.

"We can't find Seven of Wands and Two of Cups, or rather, we can't reach
the safe house they're hiding in," said Mr. Hanged Man, dressed as a
captain and riding a storm. He quickly understood the situation and
spoke to Mr. Star, wearing a white shirt, black coat, and red gloves,
and Mr. Moon, dressed in a tailcoat.

Mr. Moon, with his handsome face, crimson eyes, and large bat wings
gently flapping behind him, did not respond.

He turned his head, looking towards a place in the plaza district where
bright light had erupted, and murmured in confusion, "The Ancestor's
summoning?"

Mr. Star, with an elderly voice, said, "It's the influence of the power
of Inevitability."

"Yes," said the Madam Judgment in knight's training clothes, emerging
from the void. "I sensed the calls of Two of Cups and Seven of Cups, but
I can't descend to them."

Mr. Star continued in his elderly voice, "There are only two ways to
solve this problem. One is to find the medium allowing the power of
Inevitability to seep through and destroy it. The other is to discover
flaws in the operation of Inevitability's power and use them to escape
the predicament. Of course, this all assumes that the being named
Inevitability is only exerting a slight influence through a medium and
has not descended into our world."

"Find the medium..." Madam Judgment murmured, then said, "I'll ask Will
for help!"

As she spoke, a diamond on her gemstone bracelet lit up with pure light.

At the same time, worms made of intertwined transparent and opaque
segments, seemingly ringed, crawled out of Mr. Star's eye sockets, ears,
and nostrils.