---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2347
index: 871
section: vol5
slug: 871
title: The Critical Part
---

## Chapter 871: The Critical Part

Deep within the primitive island, amid the pervasive white mist, Perle's
twisted face saw the gates of the Black Emperor mausoleum swing open.

A giant figure clad in black armor and a magnificent cloak emerged with
majesty, with a torrent of white mist flowing between Perle and the
figure.

*Roselle Gustav...* Perle's face instinctively tensed, causing
the mist that formed her body to collapse inward slightly.

Roselle didn't spare a glance at the Vortex Weaver. He floated step by
step into the air, reaching the edge of an abstract and ethereal strange
world, like a rising mountain.

During this process, the sky dimmed, and the remaining clouds twisted as
if something had begun to come alive.

Roselle gazed into the distance, raised his arms, and in a grand voice,
he proclaimed, "People of Intis, your emperor has returned!"

Suddenly, the clouds above were pushed together by an invisible force,
swirling downwards to form another terrifying vortex.

The center of this vortex was Roselle Gustav.

Meanwhile, across Intis, those who still followed the order Roselle had
established heard the voice of the returning emperor. Most were
bewildered, questioning their ears after the recent burst of intense
light, while a few turned pale, unable to believe their suspicions.

To the eastern reaches of the sky, a beam of light flared up, trembling
wildly as if striving to cross the vast distance and reach Roselle's
embrace, causing various distortions. Behind this beam, three more beams
appeared, as if pushed by an invisible force, forced to advance
prematurely.

In different parts of the world, some people found themselves back home
despite having just left, others saw their bright cathedrals turn dark
and silent, and some were habitually drinking milk but didn't notice
they were using their nostrils, suffering no harm.

Long-abandoned compulsory education schools strangely lit up, as if
filled with students quietly attending classes.

Using his Worms of Time to search for a flaw in Inevitability's watch,
Pallez found an exploitable point, but the Worms of Time he sent out
disobeyed His commands.

Madam Magician, who was wandering again with Ma'am Hermit and Miss
Justice, found herself away from the target location, instead of the
sea, and in front of her appeared Madam Judgment and the little boy Will
Auceptin holding her hand.

The light dots within the white mist remained largely unaffected, only
dimming slightly. Perle, the Vortex Weaver, was first startled, then
showed a joyous expression.

She hadn't expected Roselle to step forward, forcibly reviving himself
before the ceremony's end to reclaim the Black Emperor's divine throne.
Such an outcome was beyond her wildest dreams, and she hadn't even
considered having Héloïse, the Fate's Attendant, weave it, but this was
undoubtedly a good thing for her and the great entity she worshiped, the
Uncertain Mist.

*The rewards this time will be immense!* Perle had just formed
this thought when the Uncertain Mist she was linked to through the
ritual conveyed an emotion, tightening their connection and thickening
the swirling mist.

Perle sharply turned her gaze towards the villa in Trier, towards the
twisted blood shadow emerging from the sacred glow and white mist.

In a drifting voice, she spoke, "The payment for the indulgence faction
of the Rose School of Thought is the Shadow of the Beauty Goddess, a
Sealed Artifact derived from the Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristic of
the Moon pathway. The one willing to offer a price for it is Madam Härt
of the Nightstalkers."

As Perle's Words of Order echoed, another light dot rapidly expanded.

This light dot revealed a secret chamber, where a vague female statue
stood in the center, the walls covered with childlike figures with
bird-clawed limbs, and the floor piled with expressionless humans.

At that moment, a figure stood before the statue, her belly swollen,
face full and beautiful, with emerald eyes sparkling like gems, and
brown hair neatly tied up, wearing a simple and loose white robe---a
pregnant woman.

The lady who nurtured a deity!

The twisted blood shadow from the villa in Trier, using the white mist,
pierced through the corresponding light dot and appeared beside Perle,
then moved towards the light dot where Madam Härt was.

It walked slowly, influenced and twisted by Roselle's resurrection.

"Madam, you may begin." Perle couldn't change the situation of the
Shadow of the Beauty Goddess and could only ask Madam Härt of the
Nightstalkers to provide the price in advance.

Härt nodded gently, turned to face the statue in the chamber, and
chanted incantations in a low, indistinct voice.

As the incantation neared its end, the childlike figures on the walls
became illusory, transforming into beams of light that entered the
statue's belly. The dazed humans on the floor exploded one by one,
returning as flesh and blood to the great mother.

The female statue gradually took on a crimson glow, transforming into a
humanoid crimson moon.

Madam Härt then turned and made a cradling motion towards Emperor
Roselle in the air.

She called out in ancient Jotun, "Come back, child of the mother!"

Blood-red moonlight seeped from Roselle's body, leaving him and heading
towards the light dot where the female deity statue stood.

These were the pollutants that forced Roselle to seek godhood and death
but failed to free himself from.

Now, they were all drawn out, no longer affecting Roselle, no longer
attempting to corrupt him.

Roselle's century-old problem was thus effortlessly solved, but his
current state required the corruption of the Uncertain Mist to balance
the corruption of the Great Mother. Removing either would break the
balance!

In the blink of an eye, Roselle was filled with white mist, twisting the
speed of passing and the distance between two points, gradually eroding
the emperor to completely corrupt him.

Inside the Black Emperor mausoleum, Bernadette saw this and, no longer
calm like outside the mausoleum, anxiously shouted, "Adam, where is your
promise?"

Roselle remained unaffected by his state change, as if it was within his
expectations. He continued to spread his arms, awaiting the return of
the Black Emperor's Uniqueness and three Sequence 1 Beyonder
characteristics.

These were traits unique to the Black Emperor's true deity. Once
revived, regardless of who held the Uniqueness and the three Sequence 1
Beyonder characteristics, they would forcibly return, merging with him
without the need for extra rituals or potions!

Crimson moonlight rose from various parts of the primitive island,
coalescing with the pollutants drawn from Roselle into a miniature
crimson moon-like object.

Perle's ethereal voice rang out in time, "Madam Härt requested the Great
Mother to reclaim the corruption from Roselle Gustav. This corruption
will be exchanged for the Shadow of the Beauty Goddess and given to the
indulgence faction of the Rose School of Thought..."

Madam Härt caught the miniature crimson moon trying to return to the
mother's embrace and pushed it out of her light dot.

The miniature crimson moon entered the white mist created by Perle,
slowly flying towards another light dot.

This wasn't the light dot the Shadow of the Beauty Goddess emerged from
but one guarded by a peculiar giant tree with a vague figure hanging
above it.

The Vortex Weaver, Perle, suppressed her excitement and once again
scrutinized the scene of Topsy of the School of Deliciousness destroying
the seal in the sea.

In the next second, wisps of thin gray fog seeped from the seabed,
cooperating with the hydra-like Topsy.

___

Trier, botanical garden.

Hearing the emperor's return across space, Franca's lake-blue eyes
widened in astonishment and confusion, with a hint of uncontrollable
joy.

At the same time, her spiritual intuition told her that the order here
had been distorted, including the Circle Inhabitant effect.

And wherever there was a distortion, it meant they could escape without
triggering the Circle Inhabitant effect!

*Where is the distortion?* Franca had just this thought when she
saw Jenna take out a mirror and quickly perform a Magic Mirror
Divination.

Jenna had a similar intuition.

Meanwhile, the two Higdons, ignoring the unusual surroundings, madly
attacked Lumian, who wielded the Sword of Courage, unable to focus on
the two Demonesses.

Likewise, before Voisin Sanson stood only Ludwig, still short-legged and
short-statured, unable to reach him to interfere.

The Circle Inhabitant made a quick decision, pressing his temple,
letting the gathered strange light pierce through his head.

In excruciating pain unbearable even for an Ascetic, he was instantly
near death.

The Circle Inhabitant effect triggered once more.

Lumian and Anthony's thoughts blurred, and they found themselves back in
the intact cabin, before taking out the Sword of Courage and Black Tear
forehead accessory.

Franca and Jenna couldn't complete their Magic Mirror Divination in
time.

Lumian instinctively took out the Black Tear forehead accessory,
intending to throw it to Franca, but upon grasping it, he sensed the
mirror world, particularly the special one, feeling the summons of 0-01
from Morora.

*Is it possible to sense this way? Not before...*

*The earlier anomaly distorted the order here and the Circle Inhabitant
effect, causing this change? Meaning they could escape through the
mirror world without triggering the Circle Inhabitant?* Lumian
instantly judged.

He acted before Voisin Sanson could commit suicide again and bring the
inevitable end, shouting to Franca and the others, "Grab hold of me!"

Time was tight; he couldn't explain and hoped his teammates would trust
him.

Despite their doubts, Franca and the others, including Ludwig, grabbed
Lumian's body again.

In the next second, Lumian used the Black Tear forehead accessory and
the cabin's window to enter the void-dark mirror world, randomly
choosing a tunnel to traverse.

As expected, they didn't trigger the Circle Inhabitant effect this time.

As joy surged in Lugano's heart, everything blurred in a topsy-turvy
manner, and they found themselves in an almost completely dark world,
facing Harrison from Resurrection Island.

Around Harrison were four lit candles and four servings of staple food,
including two loaves of bread, Feynapotter noodles and rice, all moldy.

Harrison looked at Lumian with a slight smile. "The Celestial Worthy's
Oracle states you carry the key part of this matter. Capturing you will
eliminate any surprises."

As Harrison spoke, Voisin Sanson and Higdon appeared in the darkness
beside him.

Voisin Sanson also looked at Lumian, smiling. "Didn't you know I escaped
from Fourth Epoch Trier through the special mirror world?"