---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2348
index: 872
section: vol5
slug: 872
title: Courage
---

## Chapter 872: Courage

Lumian didn't waste time engaging with Harrison, Voisin Sanson, and the
others. This confirmed that the Mirror People were deeply involved in
Project Vortex, and this was indeed the special mirror world, though its
specific layer was unknown.

Lumian immediately activated the black mark on his right shoulder. He
needed to transport Franca and the others away from this area before
Voisin Sanson could use his Circle Inhabitant ability.

This time, his destination was Morora, the City of Exiles!

Since they had already entered the special mirror world and the
worst-case scenario had occurred, there was no need to hold back. They
could attempt to navigate the hidden dangers here and reach Morora.

If they didn't take risks, facing Voisin Sanson and Higdon, two
demigods, plus the strange and special abilities of Harrison, Lumian
doubted they had any chance of survival. All of them dying was only a
matter of time. It was better to take a gamble and see if they could get
through the dangers of the special mirror world and reach Morora.

In Morora, Lumian was the proxy of 0-01. He could borrow significant
power, enough to counter a Sequence 4 demigod. If necessary, he could
even temporarily exert the strength of Sequence 3. With the cooperation
of Franca, Jenna, and the others, and the "help" of Morora's archbishop
and hundreds of thousands of residents, they might repel or even kill
Voisin Sanson and Higdon.

More importantly, 0-01 repelled the approach of demigods above Sequence
5, likely causing terrifying mutations. The first targets would
inevitably be those two Saints!

Lumian used his Spirit World Traversal ability obtained from the
Abscessed Hand, leveraging his special connection with 0-01. Holding on
to Jenna, Anthony, and the others who hadn't let go, he disappeared from
the spot, "transporting" to some deep part of the special mirror world.

Suddenly, he felt the world rejecting him, as if an invisible barrier
had appeared ahead.

He was forced out of the Spirit World Traversal state, and several
figures simultaneously materialized in a gloomy, dark town ruin.

The path to Morora was blocked.

It seemed the higher powers within the Mirror People did this. Their
control over the special mirror world was clearly superior to the Black
Tear.

Lumian thought for a moment, seeing that Voisin Sanson and the others
hadn't caught up yet. He immediately tossed the Black Tear forehead
accessory to Franca, speaking calmly, "You lead them through the
mirrors, constantly shifting locations. Wait for a change in the outside
world. There has already been a distortion of order; there will surely
be similar anomalies soon. When that happens, seize the opportunity to
use the mirrors to return to the surface, back to Trier."

"What about you?" Jenna blurted out.

Lumian chuckled. "Of course, I'll stay and play with them.

"If I go with you, they'll definitely chase us relentlessly, giving you
no chance to escape the special mirror world. Wouldn't that mean no one
could find reinforcements?"

Jenna's eyes reddened, and she was about to say something when Lumian
sternly interrupted, "Have you forgotten your brother?"

Jenna's mouth opened slightly, but no words came out.

Lumian nodded and smiled again.

"You need to find Madam Magician and Madam Judgment for me, and provide
accurate coordinates.

"Also, you should be able to distract one demigod."

He didn't hold back, smiling at Jenna, Franca, and Anthony.

"If I die, remember to avenge me."

Jenna's vision blurred with tears. She bit her lip, nodded with
difficulty, and squeezed out a word from her throat, "Okay..."

She would avenge Lumian just as she avenged her mother!

Lumian turned to Franca, his expression calm. "Everything else is up to
you."

Franca's eyes shimmered, her voice hoarse. "Okay."

Lumian put on the Devil's Whispers bone ring again and continued
speaking to Franca, Jenna, and the others, "You are not the main target,
not even secondary. While shifting locations through the mirrors, if
Higdon catches up, leave Ludwig somewhere along the way. Let him hide on
his own, which should buy you more time.

"Do you have any objections?" he asked Ludwig.

Ludwig shook his head, feeling this was something he had hoped for.

He made one request.

"Can you give me more food?"

With his body burning with blue-purple sulfur flames, Lumian tossed some
chocolate and cookies over, then spoke to Anthony, "If Higdon keeps
chasing, you can separate from the group."

Seeing Anthony about to refuse, Lumian smiled.

"Someone has to stay alive to avenge us.

"The one who lives suffers the most. I believe you understand that."

Anthony cast a Placate spell on himself. "Okay."

Lumian didn't say more and urged them, "Go quickly."

Franca threw the Black Tear back to Lumian. "The Ice Talisman is enough
if we're just shifting locations through mirrors. The Black Tear can
leverage the power of the special mirror world and should help you last
longer."

The Demoness of Affliction's voice choked, feeling the potion digesting
rapidly.

Lumian didn't refuse and quickly wrapped the Black Tear around his left
wrist.

Franca immediately took out the ice-crystal-like amulet from the
Traveler's Bag. Without hesitation, she gritted her teeth. "Hold on to
me."

Jenna looked at Lumian with watery eyes and grabbed Franca's arm. Lugano
eagerly moved to Franca's back.

With a flash of icy light, they disappeared, leaving a falling mirror.

Lumian turned his gaze to the three approaching figures.

The enemies were closing in.

Looking at Voisin Sanson, Higdon, and Harrison, with the Black Tear on
his left wrist and the Devil's Whispers on his right hand, Lumian drew
the Sword of Courage from the Traveler's Bag.

The blue-purple sulfur flames on him immediately turned a bright white
with a tinge of green. His back slightly arched.

His eyes deepened in color, locking onto the blonde-haired Voisin
Sanson, a clear smile on his face.

He uttered from his throat. "Actually, I've been waiting for you for a
long time."

___

Madam Magician, unexpectedly reunited with Madam Judgment and Will
Auceptin due to the distortion effect, straightforwardly asked the
little boy, "Can you lead us to the medium through which the power of
Inevitability is seeping?"

Will Auceptin, chubby-faced and dressed in a child's suit, showed a
troubled expression.

"Given the current situation, anyone not involved in Project Vortex will
be influenced by the power of Inevitability, leading to inevitable
failure. If I use that die, I might still be able to help you find the
target, but it will drain all my accumulated luck. When I get home, I
might see Ouroboros waiting for me.

"Do you have any special items that can save my luck or replace the die?
I think you should."

Hearing the archangel of Fate say "should," The Magician, Justice, and
Hermit began to examine their possessions---the latter understanding
Will's words through Miss Justice's mental communication.

Suddenly, Ma'am Hermit remembered something and produced an iron cigar
case from somewhere.

"This was given to me by Queen Mystic. She said she foresaw that this
item would provide critical help in the future."

Madam Magician glanced at it and murmured, "It carries the aura of Mr.
Fool."

Hearing this, Miss Justice made many connections.

She sought confirmation, "Did the Celestial Worthy send subordinates to
participate in Project Vortex?"

"Yes," Madam Magician vaguely understood what Miss Justice meant.

Receiving confirmation, Miss Justice smiled. "The Celestial Worthy
participating in Project Vortex means Mr. Fool is involved too, doesn't
it? So..."

She looked at the iron cigar case in Ma'am Hermit's hand, her voice
synchronously echoing in the mind of the Major Arcana card holder.

Ma'am Hermit immediately handed the item to Will.

Will smiled broadly. "It will do!"

The boy then addressed Madam Magician and Miss Justice, "I'll lead the
way."

Though leading, Will closed His eyes.

Starlight sprinkled down as Madam Magician led everyone present,
following Will's intuition to begin wandering.

___

Deep within the primitive island, amid the pervasive white mist.

Vortex Weaver Perle occasionally glanced at the slowly approaching
Shadow of the Beauty Goddess and the miniature crimson moon-like
corruption, sometimes at the loosening seal in the waters near Port
Santa under coordinated efforts, and sometimes upward at the towering
figure of Roselle Gustav in mid-air.

The four beams of light on the horizon, one after another, drew closer.

Perle anticipated that Roselle would perfectly resurrect and return as
the Black Emperor. In that case, the great Uncertain Mist would reclaim
one of His possessions and have a Sequence 0 true deity as a puppet.

According to Perle's original plan, the end of the vortex ritual and the
completion of the transaction between the Nightstalkers and the Rose
School of Thought would allow the great Uncertain Mist to thoroughly
corrupt Roselle Gustav. Only then could the deceased Black Emperor be
driven to resurrect. At that time, with all transactions concluded and
no other forces providing assistance, the resurrection of the Black
Emperor would face numerous obstructions, necessitating another vortex.

But now, Roselle Gustav had walked out of the Black Emperor's mausoleum
himself, choosing to resurrect before the vortex ritual ended!

In midair, the first beam finally landed on Roselle, who was in the
strange and abstract world, followed by the other three.

An indescribable light suddenly burst forth.