---
category: Volume 5
discussion: 2356
index: 880
section: vol5
slug: 880
title: Walking Destruction
---

## Chapter 880: Walking Destruction

In an instant, the figure became clear.

Everyone present, including Higdon and Voisin Sanson, was stunned.

The person had a slim face, light blue eyes resembling clear and dreamy
lakes up in the highlands, a perfectly shaped nose, and lips neither too
thick nor too thin. Her features were striking and graceful, with a
peculiar sharpness that seemed to pierce through any defense of body and
mind, straight to the soul, hitting its weakest spot.

At the same time, she had a cold demeanor, her face void of any smile,
as if she had just killed thousands of people. Her long, straight black
hair gently floated in the aftermath of the explosion.

At this moment, Franca recalled a description she had read before her
transmigration: "Her beauty is aggressive..."

As she pondered, Franca felt a strong sense of familiarity.

*Why does she look a bit like Lumian?*

*No, not a bit, a lot---like Lumian feminized and beautified, with some
Photoshopped editing...*

*Right, she's holding the Sword of Courage!*

*My spiritual intuition tells me she is Lumian!*

*Demoness of Despair! Lumian escaped Voisin Sanson's pursuit, entered
Morora, and without enough teammates to perform the Iron-blooded Knight
ritual, chose to use the exiles there to advance to Demoness of
Despair?*

*That's ruthless... something Lumian would do...*

*No, did he choose all the options I gave him?*

*I must admit---more beautiful than I imagined...*

*Uh, who helped him shatter the Black Tear?*

As Franca's thoughts raced, Jenna shouted in pleasant surprise,
"Lumian!"

The enchanted Higdon and Voisin Sanson snapped back to reality.

Lumian's figure disappeared again, reappearing behind another Higdon.

The Higdon covered in greenish-yellow mucus was prepared, instantly
disintegrating into countless droplets.

However, around him, an almost impermeable invisible web suddenly
appeared.

The web covered an area of about thirty meters, decaying rapidly while
trapping and binding Higdon's greenish-yellow droplets.

Silent, destructive black flames surged from the Demoness-form Lumian,
igniting the nearly decayed web and engulfing every greenish-yellow
fragment, stripping them of all spirituality.

"Idiot!" Lumian cursed expressionlessly, his figure disappearing once
more.

*I didn't continue attacking but used Charm to buy time to weave this
web, anticipating your escape!*

Though Lumian used teleportation and invisibility, the black flames from
his body did not extinguish.

After burning the web and the trapped Higdon fragments, the flames
quickly spread across most of the park-like ruins, igniting the
pervasive disease in the air.

Feeling the power of the disease and decay significantly diminishing,
Franca didn't search for Lumian. Instead, she tacitly charged at Voisin
Sanson.

She sensed Lumian wanted to eliminate Higdon first, so they needed to
hold off Voisin Sanson, the Circle Inhabitant, to prevent him from
interfering in Lumian and Higdon's battle.

Every moment counted!

Jenna had a similar feeling, quickly hiding and circling around Voisin
Sanson, ready to support Franca and Anthony.

Among them, Anthony could inflict the most damage on a demigod!

Anthony used Psychological Invisibility again, cautiously approaching
Voisin Sanson.

Voisin Sanson was still confused and fearful---he couldn't figure out
where he went wrong trying to unseal and release Lord Termiboros, which
allowed Lumian Lee to escape.

For a devout follower of Inevitability, this was a mistake redeemable
only by death.

As soon as he regained control, Voisin Sanson hurried to the battlefield
of Higdon and Lumian's companions, hoping to capture Lumian's teammates
and force him back to save them, thus regaining control over him.

Unexpectedly, Lumian had indeed returned, but as a Demoness, a
demigod-level Demoness!

If not for the fact that his lust-enhancing contract wasn't with a
demigod creature and he had become a demigod-level Ascetic, he would
have already lost control under that soul-piercing Charm.

Quickly, Voisin Sanson spotted Lumian's figure, emerging behind the last
Higdon.

Voisin Sanson was about to teleport over and hunt him down when Franca's
figure appeared behind him.

Franca raised her left hand, adorned with a black iron spiked ring, her
eyes glowing with two streaks of lightning.

Psychic Piercing!

Voisin Sanson's body shook slightly, his soul feeling a brief pain.

Immediately, a transparent figure resembling him grew from his back,
coldly gazing at Franca.

*Crack!*

Franca used her last Mirror Substitution, the fragments falling
lifelessly to the ground.

Simultaneously, Jenna appeared several meters to the side.

She held a brown leather scroll, chanting a word in Hermes, "Sun!"

The scroll burst into radiant sunlight, enveloping Voisin Sanson in its
holy and fiery light.

Though the power of Inevitability was not evil, corrupt, or dark, it
contained a will that, for Sanson, was foreign and had to be expelled.

Of course, after reaching the demigod level, Voisin Sanson's
consciousness had been corrupted and influenced by that will, aligning
more closely with its master, so the purification effect wouldn't be too
significant. However, his contracted creatures included dark, evil, and
corrupt types, some of which feared purification. So, under the
sunlight, Voisin Sanson couldn't help but close his eyes, raise his
right hand to shield his face, and black smoke sizzled from his body.

As a demigod, Voisin Sanson wouldn't suffer severe damage from such
Purification and would soon recover, but this gave Anthony a chance.

Anthony stopped, raised his Winter is Coming revolver, and pulled the
trigger after a simple aim.

*Bang!*

A dark yellow bullet flew toward Voisin Sanson.

Sure Hit!

Anthony wasn't sure if Voisin Sanson had a substitute ability, so he
chose Sure Hit instead of Certain Death.

*Clang!*

The bullet hit Voisin Sanson, producing a metallic sound, tearing his
clothes, and causing his skin and flesh to rupture.

In the instant he was enveloped by sunlight, unsure of what he might
encounter if he teleported away, Voisin Sanson activated a contract
ability to metallize himself, enhancing his defense without amplifying
the effect of the sunlight.

If the next attack couldn't be stopped even with metallization, Voisin
Sanson could trigger the Circle Inhabitant effect, resetting his body
state.

During the desperate blockade by Franca, Jenna, and Anthony, the last
Higdon, seemingly foreseeing this, suddenly grew two greenish-yellow
mucus-covered arms from his back, pushing out a dim green light at the
Demoness of Despair, Lumian.

Certain Death!

The light hit Lumian's tall, perfect body but passed through.

The figure wavered like ripples, quickly shattering---just an illusion.

At this moment, multiple Lumian figures with black hair lightly floating
appeared around Higdon, all wielding the Sword of Courage, slashing at
the Sequence 4 demigod of the Order of All Extinction.

This was the demigod-level Demoness's utilization of the special mirror
world, with each figure possibly being a mirror illusion or the real
Lumian hidden among them!

Higdon's body suddenly disintegrated into dim greenish light,
indiscriminately using the Certain Death effect.

This was both an area attack and an escape!

At this moment, another Lumian appeared in midair.

He held the Sword of Courage with both hands, descending heavily and
stabbing the ground.

*Rumble!*

White-blue flames followed the violent explosion, quickly engulfing the
area, consuming the dim greenish light striking the various Lumian
figures, not giving them a chance to split into more Higdons.

Immediately, the white-blue flames turned into silent black, igniting
and devouring all spirituality in the area with a destructive presence.

*Smack!*

As the black flames receded, a fist-sized lump of greenish-yellow mucus
fell to the ground.

This was deliberately left by Lumian.

He grabbed the mucus without fearing infection, holding it in his hand
and smearing it on a mirror.

His hand, covered in black flames, pressed onto it.

The greenish-yellow mucus let out a shrill scream.

In another dark ruin, another Higdon had just found Ludwig and was about
to reach for the little boy with a ravenous expression when silent black
flames bizarrely erupted from within him.

He was quickly engulfed by the black flames, turning into lifeless
liquid, dripping to the ground.

After dealing with Higdon, Lumian teleported directly in front of Voisin
Sanson, signaling Franca, Jenna, and Anthony, who had no Mirror
Substitutes left, to retreat.

In Voisin Sanson's eyes, just recovering from the fierce sunlight, the
coldly beautiful Demoness curled her lips into a soul-capturing smile.

Voisin Sanson froze for a moment, hearing a slightly magnetic, pleasant
voice in his ear: "Hope your Circle Inhabitant effect still works; I
don't want to kill you just once."