---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2368
index: 892
section: vol6
slug: 892
title: That Name
---

## Chapter 892: That Name

Lumian turned his gaze to his right shoulder.

Before this, he had anticipated many scenarios, but he hadn't expected
that the contract mark corresponding to the Abscessed Hand would have an
abnormal reaction when he touched the Gift of the Land, bringing a
stinging pain and coolness.

*Is this because the complete Abscessed Hand has corruption from the
Great Mother, or does Hand Bro himself have some connection to the
Goddess of Harvest Omebella? When He became 0-01's puppet and
encountered me, He called out Omebella...* Lumian frowned
imperceptibly, forming a rough guess.

It was very strange that despite the Abscessed Hand being an Angel, no
high-level being remembered His original form!

Combining this with some thoughts from reading the records about
Omebella earlier, Lumian suspected whether Hand Bro might also be an
Angel whose identity and destiny were stolen by enemies, and who was
even brutally dismembered and sealed in various places to prevent His
resurrection.

However, this suspicion couldn't explain one issue---judging from how
the Abscessed Hand evolved towards femininity when all parts of its body
were assembled, showing characteristics related to Sequence 1 Beauty
Goddess of the Moon pathway, He must have either been deeply
contaminated by the Great Mother or received corresponding boons. Who
would dare to bear such a destiny?

*Perhaps Hand Bro both satisfies the conditions of lacking necessary
wisdom and receiving high-level boons from the Great Mother, naturally
reacting to matters of the Child of God, and also has intricate
connections with Omebella... He should be an Angel of the Moon pathway,
which is adjacent to the Goddess of Harvest Omebella's
pathway...*

*I wonder how many high-level beings from the Second Epoch have
survived... But they may not know about these matters, just like the
Round Moon Duke of the Sanguine...* Lumian suppressed the doubts
in his heart and looked again at the Gift of the Land existing in the
form of a withered tree trunk.

After the first contact, he had confirmed that he wouldn't die on the
spot because of this, so he tried to press his right palm again on the
grayish-brown tree trunk with both protrusions and depressions.

The fragrance of flowers and the fishy smell of blood pierced his
nostrils. Before his eyes again appeared the hazy sky shrouded in dark
mist, the huge light shadow that could support heaven and earth, and the
strange silhouettes outlined by blurred lines.

This time, Lumian felt pain, felt terror, and also felt the madness of
wanting all things to return to the earth.

He fell into familiar darkness, without a hint of light, quiet to the
point of deathly stillness.

As time passed second by second, a shrill cry gradually sounded in his
ears, calling for her child Omebella.

This made Lumian slowly come to his senses, and then he felt the
stinging pain and coolness in his right shoulder.

He endured this feeling, not being pushed out of the illusion.

The darkness quickly shattered, and Lumian saw the light of dawn, saw
faces full of determination, and felt anger, pain, and hatred in his
heart.

At this moment, he heard a voice, gentle yet painful, a woman's voice:
"Zedus..."

Lumian "woke up", and what entered his eyes was the distorted face
outlined by protrusions and depressions on the withered tree trunk, and
the two huge crimson flowers serving as the face's eyes.

His palm was still pressed against the tree trunk.

*What I just saw and heard, were they Omebella's last obsessions, the
scenes that left the deepest impression on Her? Combining the
corresponding emotions, does the world shrouded in dark mist correspond
to Her first death? Are the huge light shadow and one of the blurred
figures the high-level being who stole Her identity and
destiny?*

*What do that deathly silent darkness and the shrill cry represent? I've
heard similar cries in the depths of the Underworld, when I shared the
senses of the creature inside the bird egg... The bird egg represents
gestation... Does that deathly silent darkness correspond to Omebella's
state before birth, or the state before regaining new life? Did that
voice crying out for her child pull Omebella back from the depths of
death, giving Her new life?*

*Would this new life also reset identity and destiny, making the theft
ineffective?*

*The protagonists of the third scene are the dawn and human faces, with
emotions of anger and hatred. Does this correspond to Omebella being
killed by the City of Silver?*

*Yes, these can all be called obsessions, having a crucial impact on
Omebella's fate...*

*Who was that 'Zedus' at the end?*

As these thoughts flashed through his mind, Lumian turned his head to
look at the tall and steady Mr. Sun beside him. "May I know if you have
heard of the name Zedus?"

"You can just speak casually. In the church, no one is nobler than
another." The Sun Derrick Berg first corrected, then shook his head and
said, "I haven't heard this name."

"Was there no one called Zedus among the brass of the City of Silver
when the Goddess of Harvest Omebella last came to the City of Silver?"
Lumian pursued.

Mr. Sun answered in a very certain tone, "No."

*Zedus wasn't the person who killed Omebella... Who could it
be?* Thinking of this, Lumian suddenly had a flash of insight.

*Could this be Hand Bro's name?*

*Since Hand Bro could call out Omebella to me, causing the contract to
mutate when I touched the Gift of the Land, theoretically, Omebella's
remnant consciousness in the Gift of the Land should also be able to
detect the Abscessed Hand's contract mark on me and call out His
name!*

Lumian withdrew his right hand, waited for several tens of seconds, and
pressed his palm to the withered tree trunk for the third time.

The previous illusions and auditory hallucinations reappeared, but there
was no additional content.

Lumian sighed inwardly, crouched down slightly, adjusted his cloak, and
pressed his other hand to the surface of the Gift of the Land, grasping
the most solid and obvious protrusion.

Then, he gritted his teeth, the blood vessels on his neck bulged, and
his temples throbbed with a blue tint.

This made Mr. Sun's eyelids twitch, as if he hadn't expected a beautiful
lady with a cold expression to show such a side.

Soon, the brown soil began to loosen, and Lumian forcefully pulled up
that withered, giant tree trunk.

The entire New City of Silver inexplicably trembled---a gentle shake.

Lumian half-lifted the seven or eight-meter-high withered tree trunk,
trying to swing it.

*It can barely be used to smash people, but it would reduce agility to
the lowest level, and speed would also significantly
decrease...* Lumian made a judgment on whether he could use the
Gift of the Land to fight in the future, then inserted the huge withered
tree trunk back into the pile of brown soil.

Almost simultaneously, he felt a certain power in his bloodline surge
towards his abdomen, causing a slight stinging pain there, as if
something was gestating.

Lumian raised his right hand, pressing it towards the corresponding
position on his stomach with quiet and eerie black flames.

For a moment, he experienced maternal emotions of reluctance and pity,
but this couldn't stop him from infusing the Demoness's black flames
into his abdomen in the manner of Fire Infusion.

Indescribable pain, loss, and sadness surged into his heart
simultaneously, his face suddenly turned pale, and his light-colored
lips involuntarily trembled slightly.

This made The Sun Derrick Berg can't help but ask, "Do you need my help
to dispel the negative effects, or find a Beyonder to provide
treatment?"

Lumian shook his head, curled his lips, and said in a low voice, "A
small matter."

He turned to remind Mr. Sun, "Even Beyonders with godhood might conceive
after touching the Gift of the Land, and those with Omebella's bloodline
are more likely to encounter this."

"We don't have any records of this. Historically, the City of Silver has
needed to actively use this Sealed Artifact very rarely, and each time,
the user quickly died." Mr. Sun nodded slightly.

Lumian didn't say anything more, turned around, and walked step by step
towards the outside of this huge room, towards the mottled stairs
leading to the upper part of the round tower, with Mr. Sun quietly
trailing behind.

___

In the hotel room.

Lumian wrote down the gains and questions from reading the records
related to Omebella and touching the Gift of the Land in a letter.

He then summoned the "doll" messenger and handed over this letter and a
mirror---with this marked mirror, he could later directly transmit
information to Madam Magician through the mirror world.

The "doll" messenger took the letter and mirror but didn't leave
immediately. Wearing a light golden dress, it leaned against the window
frame, carefully and attentively examining Lumian.

Lumian arched an eyebrow. "What are you looking at?"

The "doll" messenger suddenly jumped up, floating in mid-air, and said
with an indignant look, "Don't you know how beautiful you look right
now?

"Beautiful enough for me to ignore that you're still wearing men's
clothes, beautiful enough for me to forgive why you haven't made
yourself tidier!"

Lumian was momentarily at a loss for words.

The "doll" messenger waved its hand and said reluctantly, "See you next
time!"

"See you next time," Lumian politely replied.

After about fifteen minutes, the "doll" messenger emerged from the void,
holding a bulging envelope, and said joyfully, "We meet again!"

"Indeed." Lumian was a bit helpless.

He took the envelope, opened it, and found that the letter itself was
very thin, mainly containing an additional green gemstone.

The gemstone was deep and alluring, with a dreamy crystalline green
color.

Lumian only looked at it for a moment, but felt as if his vision and
soul were sinking into it.

He quickly forced himself to look away, unfolded the letter paper with
confusion, and began to read:

"The theft of Omebella's identity and destiny had not become ineffective
before the Fifth Epoch...

"We will inquire about the name 'Zedus' from the ancient beings who
survived from the Second Epoch, including seeking revelation from even
higher beings.

"The origin of this name might solve the mysteries surrounding
Omebella...

"That green gemstone was made at my request by Miss Justice, with the
purpose of helping you seal part of the knowledge related to the great
existences. Although you still have a lot of corruption and seals, as
long as you don't recall that knowledge, there shouldn't be any
problems. But we can't guarantee that you won't encounter situations
where you need to recall it. Before you possess a true or false Angel
rank, this hypnotic effect won't be lifted."

Lumian understood the reason and looked at the green gemstone again,
allowing his mind to sink into it.

When he came to his senses, the green gemstone had become ordinary, and
he had forgotten part of his knowledge.

*But it's still worth quite a bit of money.* Lumian put away the
green gemstone and said to the "doll" messenger still lingering over the
desk, "See you next time."

The "doll" messenger waved in response."See you next time!"

Leaving the room, Lumian said to Franca, Jenna, Ludwig, and others,
"We're going back to Trier now."