---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2376
index: 900
section: vol6
slug: 900
title: History
---

## Chapter 900: History

Outside an abandoned ancient castle.

Madam Magician waited with Lumian for a while, then following the
guidance of spirituality, took a step and arrived at a place inside,
stopping in front of a vermilion door.

*Knock knock knock, knock knock knock, knock knock knock.* The
Major Arcana card holder knocked three times in succession.

After a few seconds, a relaxed voice came from inside, "Enter, please."

With these words, the vermilion door slowly opened inward.

Lumian immediately saw heavy curtains, with sunlight struggling to shine
through the gaps, bringing golden light that revealed floating dust to
parts of the room.

On the other side, unaffected by sunlight, a black coffin was quietly
placed instead of a common bed.

Opposite the coffin, near the sunlight, the desk was piled with letters.

At this moment, a man wearing loose pajamas was sitting in front of the
desk, having just put down a fountain pen with a gold nib and black
barrel, and folded a paper filled with words.

The man stood up, walked towards the door, with his back to the
sunlight.

Lumian, having gained dark vision through the Demoness pathway, clearly
saw the man's appearance: about 40 years old, average build, bronze
skin, clean-shaven, black hair and brown eyes, soft features, with an
indescribable sense of world-weariness in his eyes, and a small black
mole below his right ear that was only visible upon close inspection...

"Good afternoon, Mr. Azik," Madam Magician greeted the gentleman
respectfully.

Lumian also said similar words.

They spoke in ancient Feysac.

The middle-aged man called Azik suddenly seemed dazed for a moment, as
if instantly receiving a large amount of information from the spirit
world and His own subconscious.

He nodded and said in a gentle voice, "Thank you for your help, allowing
me to wake up early and my soul to be healed to some extent."

"It was mainly this young friend who made the contribution." Madam
Magician pointed to Lumian beside her.

She then introduced to Lumian, "This is Mr. Azik Eggers, the son of the
Death from the Fourth Epoch, and former Consul of the Balam Empire."

*Son of Death, former Death Consul of the Balam Empire...*
Lumian suddenly recalled part of the content from the Fool's Church
canon: *The Angel of Death has followed our Lord for the longest period
of time and is the consul of the Underworld...*

*Could this be the Angel of Death beside Mr. Fool's divine
throne?* Lumian greeted him again.

"A Demoness." Azik glanced at Lumian and nodded slightly, "You have the
aura of the source of the River Styx."

*The Angel of Death refers to the river connecting two worlds as the
source of the River Styx?* Lumian was stunned for a moment and
said, "That's the seal of the Underworld Daoist."

"Underworld Daoist..." Azik muttered softly, as if He had never heard of
this existence.

Madam Magician smiled and changed the subject. "Mr. Azik, we came to
visit you today mainly to inquire about some matters."

Azik looked at the corridor outside. "Let's take a walk around the
castle, talk as we go. This is an important memory from a period of my
life."

"Alright." Madam Magician made way.

Lumian and she followed behind Mr. Azik, who was presumably the Angel of
Death, through the corridor, along the stairs, step by step upwards.

Along the way, ancient wall lamps embedded in the walls lit up one after
another, burning with a cold and pale-white flame.

Lumian saw oil paintings hanging on both sides of the corridor, some of
Azik Himself, but with more lively expressions, even smiling, and some
of beautiful ladies with their hair tied up and children playing with
wild deer.

Azik's gaze slowly swept over these paintings, occasionally lingering.
After quite a while, He asked Madam Magician and Lumian, "What do you
want to ask?"

Madam Magician, wearing a purplish magician's robe today, asked
straightforwardly, "Mr. Azik, do you know why the Primordial Demoness
sought cooperation with your father, the Death of the Fourth Epoch,
after the War of the Four Emperors? Did you notice any problems with the
Primordial Demoness?"

Hearing this question, Lumian was stunned for a moment, then realized.
*Indeed, who better to ask than someone who personally experienced those
events of the late Fourth Epoch?*

*He is indeed an ancient Angel who has lived for over a thousand
years...*

*Madam Magician should be about the same, but my spiritual intuition
tells me she's still quite young...*

Azik recalled for a few seconds and said, "There was a gap of over a
hundred years between the end of the War of the Four Emperors and the
beginning of the Pale Disaster. The Primordial Demoness's arrival was
probably in the middle of this period. We don't know exactly what She
discussed with my father; I only know that She declared to us Her
intention to avenge the Blood Emperor, to make all seven gods of the
Northern Continent perish, and to bring the Blood Emperor's deity corpse
back to the surface from Underground Trier."

*Is this true love? Despite it being two against seven, She wanted to
avenge the Blood Emperor...*

*No, if the Primordial Demoness had achieved Her goal then, it would
have meant that the special mirror world would no longer be sealed, able
to reveal all its problems, but the current Demoness Sect doesn't seem
to have such ideas, and even intends to nail the coffin lid more firmly,
not letting those Mirror People achieve their goals...*

*Also, was it really not the Emperor of the Underworld, that Death, who
delivered the final blow to the Blood Emperor? The Uniqueness of the Red
Priest fell into the hands of Death, and there's also something like the
Samaritan Women's Spring under Trier...* Lumian was filled with
strong doubts, but didn't interrupt Mr. Azik's narration.

Azik said, "Without a doubt, the Primordial Demoness is the most
charming woman in this world. Every living being who sees Her will
inevitably be fascinated by Her, including me, my brothers and sisters,
and even the undead in the Underworld. Even our father was inevitably
attracted to some degree."

"Even the undead are attracted to the Primordial Demoness? This is
already a charm at the level of concepts and authorities..." Madam
Magician sighed and asked, "Was your father, the Death of the Fourth
Epoch, bewitched by the Primordial Demoness when he finally decided to
forcibly accommodate the Uniqueness of the Red Priest?"

Lumian had gained some understanding of the connection between Death and
the Uniqueness of the Red Priest when reading the 0-01 sealing
information, but this was the first time he clearly encountered the
essence of the matter.

As thoughts raced through His mind, Azik shook His head slightly and
said, "The Primordial Demoness's instigation should be one of the
reasons, but I don't think it was the main one, otherwise my father
wouldn't have waited decades to do that."

Madam Magician made a terse sound and repeated her previous question,
"Did you notice anything unusual about the Primordial Demoness?"

Azik passed by an oil painting, lightly running His finger over it.
"Every time I encountered the Primordial Demoness, I would lose my
senses. How could I possibly notice any problems with Her?

"If there was anything unusual, it was that on a few occasions, Her
charm was a bit weaker than normal. That should have been Her
deliberately restraining Her charm."

As a Demoness, Lumian knew that a Demoness naturally emanating charm and
deliberately restraining charm would indeed present two different
states, but after experiencing the false Demoness of Black incident, he
suspected there might be other possibilities.

Madam Magician thought for a moment and changed the subject. "Mr. Azik,
do you know about the body of the Phoenix Ancestor in the depths of the
Underworld?"

Azik turned His head to look at the two women.

"My father thought it would be a waste to just destroy the body of an
ancient god like that. He believed it could serve a more important
purpose, such as helping my father better and more completely control
the Underworld, or enabling Him, as Death, to possess stronger power.

"Those in the death domain will never reject powerful corpses that can
be controlled by themselves."

Before Madam Magician could ask further, Mr. Azik added, "My father also
mentioned that the body of the Phoenix Ancestor, this ancient god, held
some secrets."

"Secrets?" Madam Magician asked curiously.

Azik paced forward and said, "He never told me the specifics, only that
the story of the Ancient Sun God killing the Phoenix Ancestor at the end
of the Second Epoch was false. Well, more accurately, the process was
correct, but the result was wrong. The Phoenix Ancestor was only
severely wounded by the Ancient Sun God, not dying on the spot. She
escaped to the Southern Continent and went into hiding."

"Yes, if the Phoenix Ancestor was truly killed by the Ancient Sun God,
that divine corpse wouldn't likely have been obtained by Death and
appeared in the Underworld, unless it was His arrangements again." Madam
Magician expressed agreement.

Azik continued, "Similarly, the Giant King Aurmir didn't perish on the
spot either, supposedly escaping and managing to pass on his power to
his eldest son, the later God of Combat, Badheil, before dying."

*Is there any connection to the Omebella matter? Hmm, the two ancient
gods who weren't killed on the spot by the Ancient Sun God seem to be
related to Omebella---one's corpse is laying eggs, currently incubating
Omebella, while the other is Omebella's husband...* Lumian
glanced at Madam Magician, and after obtaining her consent, asked, "Mr.
Azik, what is the relationship between the Phoenix Ancestor and the
Goddess of Harvest Omebella?"

Azik shook His head.

"I was born in the Fourth Epoch. All I know about the history of the
Second Epoch is what my father occasionally mentioned."

Saying this, He smiled at Lumian and said, "Speaking of which, I should
give you some reward."

As He gently raised His right hand, a large number of white bones gushed
out from the ground, forming a giant skeleton.

The skeleton respectfully handed a shiny Loen gold pound to Mr. Azik.

Azik took the gold coin and presented it to Lumian. "Is this acceptable
as a reward?"

"Thank you," Lumian said sincerely, accepting the lucky coin that bore
Mr. Fool's aura.