---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2377
index: 901
section: vol6
slug: 901
title: The Final Inquiry
---

## Chapter 901: The Final Inquiry

Madam Magician silently breathed a sigh of relief when she saw Lumian
receive the last lucky coin.

Although the Major Arcana card holder had roughly confirmed through
prophecy, divination, and psychological analysis that things would
develop this way, the subject involved was an Ancient angel, the son of
a true god. No one could be certain the result would necessarily unfold
as expected. If there had been a deviation, they would have had to
formulate a new plan.

Madam Magician produced a small golden bottle inscribed with mysterious
symbols from somewhere and smiled at Azik Eggers, saying, "Mr. Azik,
this is some excess water from the Samaritan Women's Spring. It's
something produced by corruption from the power at the source of the
River Styx. It has multiple effects including repairing souls, inducing
sleep, bringing complete death or true dreams, and granting lucidity in
dreams. We'd like to ask for your help in making it manifest only one of
two qualities---either 'inducing sleep' or 'granting lucidity in
dreams'---and enhancing that effect."

*Repairing souls...* Lumian paid no attention to the fact that
there was leftover Samaritan Women's Spring water from what he had
previously collected. His focus was entirely on the "repairing souls"
effect.

*Could this gradually make Aurore's soul fragments whole again?*

"No problem," said Azik, taking the small golden bottle containing the
Samaritan Women's Spring water.

Madam Magician, seeming to sense Lumian's thoughts, casually explained
to him, "The Samaritan Women's Spring water does indeed have the effect
of repairing souls, but it's limited to repair only. Just as 'limb
regeneration' abilities can regrow lost arms and legs, but can't grow a
whole new person from an arm or leg. That falls under the domain of the
Great Mother."

She had previously answered the question of what exactly the fake
Demoness of Black was, believing that neither she nor the one with the
most accurate divination results knew the precise answer. This implied
that the relevant secrets must involve the special mirror world.

"Even some repair effects are good," Lumian said softly after a moment
of silence.

At this point, a blurry, upright, terrifying giant snake appeared behind
Azik, almost touching the illusory sky.

Pale-white flames burned in the giant snake's eye sockets. It seemed to
have a pair of thick, exaggerated wings on its back. Its body was
covered in large dark green scales that appeared black, with what looked
like white feathers protruding from between the scales.

Although Lumian couldn't clearly see the appearance of each feather and
scale or the strange symbols they bore, just directly gazing at this
phantom image gave him the sensation of rapidly dying, his skin
withering and shriveling.

This was damage that Mirror Substitution couldn't transfer.

Fortunately, the illusory winged giant snake quickly coiled itself,
wrapping layer upon layer around the golden bottle that couldn't even
fill one of its eye sockets.

Then, the terrifying giant snake rapidly faded, instantly shrinking into
the golden bottle.

Lumian gradually returned to normal.

Azik handed the golden bottle back to The Magician. "Anyone who touches
the spring water in the bottle will fall into a long sleep, myself
included.

"It will have a slight effect on true gods, but not much, unless that
deity is already very weak or in a state of slumber.

"If you want someone who has fallen asleep because of this to wake up,
you'll need to collect some more water from the Samaritan Women's Spring
and process it in a similar way but with the opposite effect, or seek
help from a true god with the corresponding authority."

Lumian was not surprised that the processed Samaritan Women's Spring
water would only have a weak effect on true gods.

Even the remnant soul of the Blood Emperor could occasionally wake up
and cause trouble in the mysterious river that was the source of the
Samaritan Women's Spring, let alone this secondary derivative!

Madam Magician handed the golden bottle to Lumian. "This might be useful
in the dream, but it's uncertain."

Lumian nodded slightly and placed the bottle of processed Samaritan
Women's Spring water into his Traveler's Bag.

Madam Magician then turned to Azik and curtsied. "Thank you for your
help. We have achieved all our objectives today. Is there anything you
need us to do?"

Azik cast His gaze towards the oil paintings on both sides of the
corridor and said with a somewhat dazed expression, "Nothing at present.
I've been asleep for several years. I want to walk around and see the
changes in this world."

Madam Magician didn't say more, and left with Lumian after bidding
farewell.

Before being enveloped by starlight, Lumian turned his head for a glance
and saw the former Death Consul, with eyes full of world-weariness,
standing silently in front of an oil painting, wordlessly caressing its
surface with His fingers.

___

In the evening.

Except for Lugano, who was informed he would have a period of vacation
to arrange freely, Lumian, Franca, Jenna, Anthony, and Ludwig all
gathered in the apartment on Rue de la Gauche in Quartier de
l'Observatoire.

Madam Magician, wearing a cream-colored high-collar dress with gold
embroidery and a wide-brimmed hat for sun protection, stood by the
window and said to the five lucky coin holders,

"I must emphasize once again the potential risks.

"In Mr. Fool's dream, if you die, you will die in reality. If you lose
control or go mad, you will lose control or go mad in reality. If you
are directly corrupted by that Celestial Worthy or some other entity,
you will also suffer corruption in reality. If you develop psychological
illnesses or experience intense emotional fluctuations, your sleeping
body in reality will bear corresponding problems.

"Mere injury or fatigue has very little effect on reality. You can
quickly recover by leaving the dream and briefly waking up, or by
spending time healing within the dream.

"In that dream world, you can use all your abilities, but their effects
will be limited to the level of Sequence 7. The essence of this
limitation is that Mr. Fool's self-awareness has not yet recovered. In
other words, if the Mr. Fool in the dream realizes that Beyonder
abilities can achieve effects corresponding to Sequence 6, your levels
will recover to that Sequence accordingly.

"Similarly, except for special items like the Samaritan Women's Spring
water, your other equipment in the dream is essentially derived from
your consciousness and is also limited.

"The good news is that those hostile entities and Beyonders driven by
the Celestial Worthy who enter Mr. Fool's dream through other methods
will be subject to similar restrictions. However, that Celestial Worthy
can manage the dream to some extent and in certain aspects. Unless it's
the final moment, you'd better avoid the Celestial Worthy and have no
contact with Him."

At this point, Lumian raised a question, "In Mr. Fool's dream, what
identity and form does the Celestial Worthy exist in?"

If this could be clarified, they could effectively avoid that Celestial
Worthy.

Madam Magician shook her head.

"If we knew that, the previous lucky coin holders wouldn't have been
kicked out of the dream so quickly or had their actions restricted.

"Confirming the Celestial Worthy's identity in the dream is a key point
of your mission this time."

Madam Magician spoke about other matters related to the dream, and
finally asked seriously,

"Now, you can make your own choices. Are you willing to hold Mr. Fool's
coins and enter his true dream, attempting to awaken him?

"If you're unwilling, we won't force you, but you'll need to follow the
guidance of spirituality and pass on the lucky coins in your possession
as soon as possible.

"If you're willing, after the matter is concluded, whether Mr. Fool is
successfully awakened or not, we will reward you generously."

"I have no problem with it," Lumian, wearing a cloak but without the
hood, was the first to answer.

"Me too." Jenna was the second.

Franca and Anthony followed, also willing.

The only one hesitating was Ludwig. This little boy with a red bow tie's
expression changed several times, resisting something unknown.

Finally, he looked at Franca and Jenna, and said through gritted teeth,
"I'm willing to go into the dream."

Although the food eaten in the dream is fake and illusory, at least
there's no studying and exams!

Franca, who had already digested the Affliction potion, glanced
amusingly at Ludwig and whispered in Jenna's ear, "This child really
isn't smart enough. As soon as I heard Madam Magician's descriptions
earlier, I clearly came to a conclusion: If you digest a potion in Mr.
Fool's dream, it will happen in reality too!"

Jenna responded quietly, "Let's tell Ludwig this fact after we enter Mr.
Fool's dream."

At this moment, Madam Magician nodded slightly and said, "I'm very glad
you've made this choice. Let me remind you one last time, try to delay
being kicked out of the dream as much as possible. Once you've been
kicked out more than three times, subsequent entries will either result
in immediate ejection or complete restriction, leaving you as mere
observers."

"Yes, Madam Magician," Lumian and the others stood up one after another.

Specks of brilliant starlight fell, enveloping them.

In the blink of an eye, the five appeared inside a luxurious villa.

"This is also in Trier. Choose your own rooms, but don't be next to each
other, in case one person is discovered and affects the others nearby,"
Madam Magician briefly introduced.

"Alright." Having made the decision, Franca was no longer hesitant and
eager to try.

After Lumian and the others had settled on their rooms, Madam Magician
said to them as they returned to the corridor,

"Now go to bed and sleep while holding your lucky coins."

"Is that all it takes?" Franca asked in confusion.

*Isn't that too simple?*

Madam Magician chuckled. "No, this is just the first step. Miss Justice
will need to intervene later."

"Mm." Lumian and the others didn't ask further. They returned to their
chosen rooms, gripped their shiny lucky coins, lay down on the firm yet
springy beds, and covered themselves with soft blankets that smelled of
sunshine.