---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2387
index: 911
section: vol6
slug: 911
title: A Way to Make Money
---

## Chapter 911: A Way to Make Money

*Reanimated female corpse?* Franca and the others were all
startled.

Last night, Lumian had said he intuitively believed that before long,
they would encounter that reanimated female corpse. As a result, they
ran into her today?

"Where?" Jenna asked in a lowered voice.

Lumian looked towards the escalator without showing any outward sign of
abnormality. "In the supermarket."

He didn't immediately turn around to track the reanimated female corpse,
because Franca casually glanced at a corner of the ceiling, then
carelessly looked around.

The first action was to remind Lumian that there were multiple cameras
here, while the latter behavior implied that there were many people
around, many phones, and if he were to cause any commotion, it would
likely be filmed as a short video, uploaded online, and become a
trending topic. If that happened, it would likely catch the Celestial
Worthy's attention!

Although Lumian could use Mirror Maze and other illusions to affect
cameras and phones, this wasn't a scenario he had preset. He would have
to chase all the way, and couldn't use mirror magic every few steps.

It was only because they lived in a rather dilapidated area of the old
town that there were quite a few cameras on the main roads and at the
entrances of various residential areas. Once in quiet alleys that few
people usually walked, there wasn't much surveillance. Otherwise,
Lumian's act of moving Oracle Danitz's corpse would have been recorded
long ago. Franca would certainly have stopped him first at that time,
telling him to find a blind spot in the surveillance to take out the
mirror, create a Mirror Maze step by step before approaching the corpse.

Hearing his godfather's answer that the reanimated female corpse was in
the supermarket, Ludwig's eyes lit up, and he raised his short arm.
"Let's go chase her!"

*Kid, you have gotten a bit smarter, even knowing how to take advantage
of this situation! I can't tell if you want to use this as an excuse to
go into the supermarket to get food, or if you think that female corpse
might be more delicious...* Franca silently grumbled, turning
her gaze to Jenna.

Jenna intuitively understood Franca's hint and said with a smile, "We
can't track with so many people. Anthony and I will take Ludwig back to
the car first. You and Lumian go into the supermarket to find her."

The expression of expectation and desire on Ludwig's face suddenly
froze.

"Alright." Franca took out the car keys and tossed them to Jenna.

"I also want to contribute to the team..." Ludwig hadn't finished
speaking before being dragged away by Jenna, disappointment and pain
evident in his expression.

Franca quickly turned around, grabbed a shopping cart from nearby, and
pushed it towards the supermarket. Lumian followed beside her, his gaze
naturally sweeping over the displays and rows of shelves.

While searching for traces of the reanimated female corpse, Franca began
picking out items.

"Grab that can of lard, and get some light soy sauce, dark soy sauce,
salt, MSG, chili oil..." She ordered Lumian around without hesitation,
while also constantly putting some kitchen items into the shopping cart
herself.

*Although cooking at home wastes time, it saves a lot of money!*

Later they could go to the frozen goods wholesale market to buy some
cheap items. The only problem was that the refrigerator in the rental
apartment was too small, unable to hold more than a few days' worth of
food.

*So you can buy things this way...* Lumian experienced for the
first time the joy of picking up goods himself without needing to find a
salesperson. He interestedly placed a bottle of alcohol into the
shopping cart.

"This is cooking wine! Well, we need it anyway." Franca glanced amusedly
at this regular customer of Ol' Tavern.

The two chatted and laughed, moving through the supermarket in a
harmonious atmosphere, no different from other families shopping around
them.

Under this disguise, Lumian and Franca confirmed the situation in every
corner of the supermarket, but found no trace of the reanimated female
corpse.

"She may have already left. Let's check out first." Franca looked at the
dozens of pounds of freshly made noodles and a ten-kilogram bag of rice
on top of the shopping cart, genuinely delighted at how much money they
could save on meals in the coming days.

Lumian nodded. "We'll take turns cooking later."

Franca patted Lumian's shoulder with a smile. "I'm looking forward to
your culinary skills."

This trip, the two bought nearly 500 yuan worth of goods, most of which
were inexpensive ingredients that could fill stomachs.

After leaving the supermarket exit, Lumian and Franca quickly scanned
around but still didn't see any sign of the reanimated female corpse.

Almost simultaneously, Franca noticed a shop with the words "Lottery"
written on it.

Her heart suddenly stirred, and she turned her head to look at Lumian,
asking with full expectation, "Can you still use your abilities to
Magnified Fate and Compelling Fate?"

"Of course." Lumian cast his gaze towards the shop Franca had just been
looking at. "But only at the Sequence 7 level. I can't influence
relatively crucial and important fates unless their probability of
occurrence is already very high."

A smile gradually blossomed on Franca's face, attracting the gazes of
several passersby, both men and women.

"Let's go buy some lottery tickets!" She said with a firm tone,
concealing her joy.

*Is she wanting me to magnify the fate stream of her winning, or
forcibly compel fate in that direction?* Lumian had long known
what lottery meant. In the past, Aurore would occasionally give him
gifts in the form of lottery tickets on major holidays, with a 100% win
rate.

"Let's give it a try." Lumian's subtext was to buy a small amount first,
and even if Compelling Fate was ineffective in Mr. Fool's dream, they
wouldn't lose too much.

Franca rubbed her hands together and walked towards the lottery booth
with a bright and clear smile.

Before transmigrating, she would buy ten to twenty yuan worth of lottery
tickets every week or two, purely for entertainment, but never had
returns exceeding the principal.

*Now, I've come with good luck!*

She didn't directly buy lottery tickets like the Double Color Ball, but
instead spent fifty yuan on different versions of scratch cards.

As she paid and made her selections, Lumian's eyes took on a
silver-white color with black.

He reached out to Franca, embracing her shoulders in a couple-like
gesture, using this to complete his touch on the River of Fate.

The corresponding stream was magnified.

Franca instinctively twisted her body, not quite comfortable with such
an embrace, especially in public.

But she quickly returned to a normal state, allowing Lumian to embrace
her shoulders.

Her eyes had already lit up.

She scratched off the corresponding numbers!

*This is worth 50 yuan!*

While Lumian was paying attention to the various grand prize information
being announced at the lottery booth, Franca finished scratching all the
lottery tickets, winning a total of two thousand.

"Haha!" She laughed silently and smugly.

*Finally made a profit!*

*Beyonder powers are great!*

After cashing in the prizes, Franca said to Lumian in an exceptionally
cheerful mood, "I'm going to buy a few Double Color Ball tickets."

At this point, she lowered her voice, "Don't worry about those fate
streams for the grand prize, a third or second prize would be fine."

Lumian nodded gently.

Franca immediately thought of some numbers and bought 5 entries.

As they walked towards the nearest direct elevator, Lumian asked Franca
with a smile, "Why don't you want to win the first prize? I see the
first prize money is worth a lot, and you could even win dozens at
once."

Franca wrinkled her nose and said, "Didn't you say that currently you
can only influence fates that aren't too crucial or important? That kind
of overnight wealth probably can't be achieved.

"Besides, even if you could really make me win, the final result might
not be what I bought. 'Fate' has long been predetermined."

After complaining a bit, Franca asked with concern, "Did Magnified Fate
just now succeed?"

Lumian chuckled. "No."

"...My money!" Franca blurted out, then immediately comforted herself,
"Good thing it wasn't much."

Lumian explained simply, "I only realized this wasn't an instant-win
lottery when you were buying. The results won't come out for several
days. The corresponding fate streams are complex and intricate, with too
many variables. I couldn't clearly see which one led to the winning
fate, I could only magnify the one with special characteristics. What
the final result will be, I don't know either.

"We can only pray for Mr. Fool's blessing." Franca expressed
understanding.

Seeing that the direct elevator was about to arrive, Lumian looked left
and right and asked thoughtfully,

"We're under surveillance, so that reanimated female corpse should be
too.

"Is there any way to check the mall's surveillance footage to see what
she came here to do?"

"We're not the police; we don't have that authority." Franca
instinctively replied.

"Sneak in at night and look through it ourselves?" Lumian suggested.

Franca said with amusement, "The Major Arcana card holders told us to
obey the law as much as possible. Why do you always want to dance on the
edge of breaking the law?"

"It's fine if we don't get caught." Lumian said with a smile, "We can't
just report it to the police and let them investigate, can we? Wouldn't
that turn it back into a confrontation between Mr. Fool and the
Celestial Worthy? We need to use the police, not rely on them."

Franca thought for a few seconds and said, "We'll see how it goes
tonight."

___

In the rented apartment on the sixth floor.

Franca looked at Ludwig, his head buried in a large bowl, chopsticks
constantly moving, and proudly boasted to Lumian and the others, "My
cooking skills aren't bad, right?"

This child is quite easy to feed. Noodles, seasonings, and a topping
with a bit of minced meat satisfied him. He doesn't have to go out to
eat good food!

"It's quite good, but I hope you're not only capable of making noodles."
Lumian took a sip of the noodle soup and put down his chopsticks.

"I also hope your culinary skills are as good as you say." Franca
responded with a smile.

Just as Lumian was about to say something, his expression suddenly
changed slightly.

He quickly took out a mirror from his pocket, the mirror that contained
Oracle Danitz's corpse!

At this moment, a pale hand without luster was reflected on the surface
of the mirror.

This hand was reaching out from the darkness towards the outside of the
mirror.

Black flames restraining madness and violence immediately condensed on
both sides of Lumian. They fell onto that mirror like meteors.

With a slight explosive sound, the mirror suddenly shattered into
pieces, enveloped by the black flames, rapidly losing its limited
spirituality.

Crackling sounds continued to ring out as the mirror fragments fell to
the ground, breaking into even smaller pieces.

The pale hand was no longer visible on the surface of these fragments.

"Has the Oracle's corpse reanimated?" Jenna looked at this scene and
asked in astonishment.