---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2390
index: 914
section: vol6
slug: 914
title: Surveillance
---

## Chapter 914: Surveillance

After stating his two guesses, Lumian added, "I felt earlier that
entering the basement of Mushu Hospital would be very dangerous. If the
problem there was woven by the dream's subconscious, originating from
Mr. Fool's impression of the Mother Tree of Desire and Her subordinates,
it shouldn't have reached this level."

His meaning was that he was more inclined towards the inference that the
dream's main consciousness symbol could not directly confront it.

Jenna, sitting in the passenger seat, glanced at the gradually receding
Mushu Hospital and said with a slightly furrowed brow, "But the police,
represented by Mr. Star, only found the Oracle's corpse. They don't seem
to have discovered any other anomalies existing in Mushu Hospital."

"This indicates that although the dream's main consciousness cannot
confront directly, it has ways to conceal and deceive," Anthony
expressed his opinion.

"There might also be a mole." Franca, who was driving, had read many
novels and watched many movies about undercover agents and traitors,
muttered. "Part of the dream's main consciousness must belong to the
Celestial Worthy. He should be quite pleased to see the force
infiltrated by the Mother Tree of Desire doing something, so He
deliberately ignored some details."

"This also shows that regardless of whether it's Mr. Fool or that
Celestial Worthy, they are actually in a state of slumber, their true
consciousness blurred, only able to react to a certain extent when
directly stimulated. Usually, they only occasionally provide some
inspiration based on received prayers or spirituality warnings.
Otherwise, we would have been discovered and kicked out long ago when
interacting with ordinary people in the dream," Lumian concluded based
on various events experienced over the past two days and many details
mentioned in the materials provided by the Major Arcana card holders.

Franca took the opportunity to warn her teammates, "So don't think about
live streaming, don't do anything in public that would become a trending
topic. If we do that, as soon as the Celestial Worthy's dream identity
scrolls to the corresponding video, He will immediately be stimulated
and kick us out of the dream.

"Well, even if the Celestial Worthy doesn't scroll to it, His
subordinates will notice it."

After a brief silence, Jenna asked, "What is live streaming?"

Anthony was equally confused.

"Will this be seen by many people?

"Similar to the front page headlines of a newspaper?"

*You guys really haven't adapted as well as Lumian...* Franca
sighed, and while driving, she briefly explained,

"Open your phones, click on the app with the black background and white
pattern I downloaded for you earlier...

"The hottest thing recently is 'True Death Metal'..."

Jenna and the others all became focused and serious, continuing to
receive their Internet education.

___

Near midnight.

Lumian brought Franca through the mirror world to the Moon Plaza they
had visited at noon, arriving behind a mirror in the surveillance room.

Hidden in the area behind the mirror, they saw through the mirror
surface a large display screen split into multiple scenes, showing
various areas of the mall, and two security guards sitting in front of
the display screen for night duty.

At this time, Moon Plaza had long since closed for business, and many of
the scenes shown on the surveillance were pitch black, with only parts
covered by clear moonlight.

In this dream city, the moon was not crimson, but showed a faint silvery
white, occasionally tinged with yellow.

Franca, both eager and cautious, stretched her right hand out of the
mirror surface, grasping a slightly larger makeup mirror.

The makeup mirror immediately reflected the large screen, showing
different scenes framed in individual squares.

Then, the surface of the makeup mirror rippled with illusory light
invisible to the naked eye.

Mirror Maze!

The surveillance areas seen by the two security guards and the images
captured by several cameras in the room were instantly replaced by
mirrored illusions.

Franca had previously imagined being able to use her Beyonder powers
after returning home, and now it felt like a rehearsal of her dream.

She walked out openly from behind the mirror object, put down the makeup
mirror, adjusted its angle, and came to the surveillance console with
Lumian.

The two security guards had no reaction to their actions, as if they
hadn't seen them at all.

The scenes in their eyes were still the same as before when no outsiders
had entered.

Lumian turned his gaze to Franca and said in a low voice, "Make haste."

He didn't know how to operate this surveillance system, otherwise he
would have done it himself.

Franca adjusted the mirrored images to ensure they weren't completely
static, while studying the mall's surveillance system.

Thanks to researching information online and making plans beforehand, it
only took her two or three minutes to bring up the surveillance footage
of the supermarket area from noon.

Soon, the image froze on the scene where she and Lumian and others were
returning from the supermarket entrance.

In the distance of this image, where imported goods were stacked, a
figure in a white dress was walking out of the frame.

This figure had beautiful features, small and delicate ears, a fair and
slender neck, and an aura so clean it seemed untouched by dust. Her hair
was loosely tied up, giving a somewhat languid feeling.

"It's indeed that reanimated female corpse," Franca took out the sketch
completed with the help of Dream Divination and carefully compared it.

Before Lumian could respond, she added, "This appearance, temperament,
and charm are more like a demigod-level Demoness rather than a Baby
Cupid of the Scrooge pathway.

"How could a Demoness be resurrected in Mushu Hospital?"

Lumian nodded slightly, refraining from making conjectures for the
moment, and instead asked Franca, "Can you find out the entire activity
trajectory of this female corpse in the mall?"

"Yes," Franca busily operated the surveillance system.

Soon, each scene on the large screen showed the figure of that female
corpse, corresponding to different scenarios.

While searching for the female corpse's traces based on the timeline and
scene conditions, Franca had already browsed through these surveillances
once. She glanced at Lumian, who was focusing on observing details, and
pondered,

"It feels like she's wandering aimlessly, not buying anything, entering
a store for a few minutes and then leaving. Hmm, it doesn't look like
she's following anyone or searching for a specific item."

Lumian compared all the passersby in each surveillance image and didn't
find anyone else appearing in all of them besides the female corpse.

"Is she experiencing and touring a city like this for the first time?"
Lumian thought of himself and his companions.

"And then because she has no money, she doesn't dare to buy anything?"
Franca joked with a smile.

Lumian immediately shook his head.

"It shouldn't be that simple.

"We almost encountered this female corpse at noon, and after lunch, the
Oracle's corpse showed anomalies. The resurrected Oracle corpse went to
Mushu Hospital, which is where this female corpse was reanimated.

"If it's not arranged by that individual, not His script, such a
coincidence is enough to indicate a close connection between the two."

Franca pondered for a moment and said, "If this female corpse is really
a Demoness, then I've had similar situations before.

"When I first became a Witch, I received effective revelations from
divination about something, but it was only revelations about time and
place. So, I aimlessly wandered back and forth in an arcade street in
Trier for a day, and finally encountered the thing I wanted to
encounter."

Lumian, who had just become a Demoness for a short time and hadn't had
similar experiences, nodded slowly and said, "You mean the reanimated
female corpse received revelations through divination and came to wander
in this mall?"

At this point, Lumian's eyes became dark.

"Her gain was getting closer to us, discovering clues about which mirror
the Oracle's corpse was hidden behind, so that's why the Oracle's corpse
showed anomalies right after lunch ended?

"Is she a subordinate of that Celestial Worthy, searching for the
Oracle's corpse?

"Are the Celestial Worthy and the Mother Tree of Desire cooperating,
using Mushu Hospital to obtain subordinates they can command, to harm
certain dream characters?"

Franca concurred succinctly, "The fact that she could indirectly come
into contact with us, on the surface it's inspiration from divination,
but in reality, it should be the Law of Beyonder Characteristics
Convergence at work.

"Only High-Sequence Beyonders of the Demoness and Door pathways could
possibly influence the mirror world from a distance, causing the
Oracle's corpse hidden in the mirror area to show anomalies.

"That female corpse might fit both situations."

Franca meant that the female corpse might be a demigod-level Demoness
who had received boons from the Door pathway.

Lumian acknowledged Franca's statement and pondered for a few seconds
before saying,

"But the reanimation of this female corpse was definitely not for
finding the Oracle's corpse. From what that orderly confessed, she had
already been resurrected before the Oracle was killed.

"She must have a more important role, carrying out a key task?"

Franca hissed and said, "In the next few days, besides observing the
people and events around Mr. Fool, we need to find a way to locate this
female corpse, see if we can eliminate her covertly without the
Celestial Worthy noticing."

If this were in the real world, Franca definitely wouldn't say this,
because she wouldn't be sure whether that reanimated female corpse was
Sequence 4, Sequence 3, or even higher. She would only suggest asking
the Major Arcana card holders for help. But in the dream city, everyone
was currently suppressed to the Sequence 7 level. A demigod-level
Demoness would only have some more special abilities than her, with no
essential difference in strength. Lumian was also a demigod-level
Demoness, and their team had the number advantage, capable of ganging
up.

Lumian thought for a moment and said, "There should be surveillance on
the streets outside too, right? Can we find out where this female corpse
ultimately went from the surveillance?"

"We could, but that would require infiltrating government departments.
If discovered, it would be equivalent to confronting the dream's main
consciousness." Franca didn't agree with taking such a risk now. There
was still so much information they hadn't gathered!

Lumian suppressed the impulse in his heart and worked with Franca to
restore the surveillance footage, erase their own traces, and retreat
back into the mirror object. Then, Franca ended the Mirror Maze and took
away that makeup mirror.

The two security guards only felt that the surveillance screens
flickered briefly, but they quickly returned to normal.

Franca and Lumian returned to the car parked on the adjacent street,
meeting up with Jenna and others who were responsible for backup.

As the vehicle drove towards the old town, Lumian and Franca, who was
driving, told their teammates about the findings from watching the
surveillance and their own conjectures.

As they were talking, Lumian suddenly fell silent.

"What's wrong?" Jenna asked.

Lumian said in a deep voice, "We thought of going to the mall to check
the surveillance to find that female corpse. Would that female corpse
also think of checking the surveillance to see if any women with
outstanding appearances had passed by?"

Those who could hide a corpse behind a mirror were likely to be
Demonesses too!

Franca's expression changed, and she blurted out, "The surveillance
room!"