---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2418
index: 942
section: vol6
slug: 942
title: Storm in a Teacup
---

## Chapter 942: Storm in a Teacup

*Child of God... Has he sensed the Omebella bloodline in me? This dream
of a great existence is truly remarkable, even capturing the smallest
details...* Lumian had now realized the truth, and he gently
nodded in response to Grimm's greeting.

He turned and took a few steps, then said to Grimm, "Director, I'll be
heading out first."

Grimm's full title was "Director of Security for the Intis Group."

Grimm's face broke into a satisfied smile as he gave a barely
perceptible nod.

"I'm quite pleased with your fighting skills. You should now follow Team
Lead Xu to familiarize yourself with the different positions and
procedures in the security department."

This was his way of subtly indicating to Xu Xinyang, the current team
lead of Security Team 2 who was also in the office, that he valued this
young man and did not want Xu to give him a hard time.

"Yes, Director." Lumian responded with a slightly excited tone.

As he followed Xu Xinyang out of the office, his expression gradually
settled, and thoughts about Grimm flashed through his mind.

*As one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse who served Emperor
Roselle, Grimm had died on a primitive island in the Fog Sea, but later
seemed to have been corrupted by the power of the Great Mother, and his
corpse had been revived in a strange state...*

*The Omebella bloodline in me can only be sensed by those directly
created by the Great Mother or obtained Her boon, and they would have to
be ones that lack the necessary intelligence to mistake me as a Child of
God...*

*The Grimm in the dream city is constructed based on Mr. Fool's
subconscious perception, so the Great Mother's corruption hidden within
him is understandable, but why did he mistake me for a Child of
God?*

*Is it because, as a dream manifestation, he fundamentally lacks the
necessary intelligence?*

*I wonder if the Great Mother has truly, covertly corrupted the dream
Grimm and is using this connection to have him help with her own
matters...*

Lumian found the situation somewhat amusing.

He truly was like a detonator for calamity, having triggered some issues
that the Major Arcana card holders had been unable to uncover, and he
had only been here for a few days.

After changing into the navy-blue security uniform, Lumian was assigned
by Security Team 2's Team Lead Xu Xinyang to guard the main entrance,
with the primary duty of maintaining order in the lobby, preventing
suspicious individuals from entering the building, and stopping delivery
personnel from taking the elevator, instead directing them to leave
packages in the drop-off area.

Lumian and two colleagues replaced the previous security guards
responsible for these tasks, standing at the entrance with their backs
ramrod straight.

At this time, it was still before the official start of the workday, and
employees from various companies were still arriving.

Some of them had a surprised reaction.

*The new security guard is quite good-looking...*

*Is he new?*

*With that appearance, he shouldn't be a security guard, he should go do
live streaming, auditions, or be an extra in movies!*

Soon, a male employee from an MCN company on the 7th floor and a female
employee from an Intis Group subsidiary company consecutively walked up
the stairs and headed toward the entrance.

The latter's eyes suddenly lit up.

*The security guard at the door is so handsome...*

She picked up her phone, intending to take a photo and share it with her
best friends.

The former, on the other hand, immediately became excited.

*A handsome security guard, not at all sleazy... Handsome... Security
guard... That's great material! It might even become a hot topic and
miraculously attract eyeballs!*

While a level of handsomeness that would only be considered average or
slightly above average for regular people, when contrasted with
identities in the lower strata of society, such as security guards,
beggars, farmers, herdsmen, delivery workers, or construction laborers,
it had the potential to generate a lot of attention online.

The MCN company employee quickly grabbed their phone, intending to
record a video.

Sensing their actions, Lumian stepped forward, blocking their phones
with his hand, and said sternly, "Please don't take photos of me without
permission. Please respect others' privacy!"

The man and woman were both taken aback, not expecting to be stopped.

The male employee blurted out, "I think you have the potential to go
viral, and I want to post a video online."

"No need." Lumian stopped them, not wanting to become an Internet
celebrity.

The MCN company employee was dumbfounded.

*Who doesn't want to go viral these days?*

Lumian said seriously, "Did you happen to take any photos just now? If
so, please delete them."

Hearing his words, Lumian felt the surrounding office workers all
looking towards them, and the man and woman's faces flushed red, feeling
a bit indignant.

"What right do you have to tell me to show you my phone? If you've got
the guts, call the cops!" the woman retorted angrily.

The male MCN company employee suddenly had an idea and began shouting,
"The security guard is beating me up! The security guard is trying to
take my phone!"

*I'll make you go viral in another way!*

Lumian seemed amused by their actions, a smile appearing on his face.

This smile immediately calmed the man and woman, making them feel guilty
for having yelled at someone so pleasant.

Maintaining his Charm, Lumian said sincerely, "I appreciate that you
want me to go viral, but I really don't need that. Could you please
delete the photos or video?"

The man and woman, forgetting about the people around them, dazedly
showed Lumian their phones and deleted the photo and video in front of
him.

"Thank you." Lumian kept smiling.

The man and woman reluctantly left for the elevators, glancing back at
him every few steps.

Once they entered their own company and gradually regained their
composure, one felt the security guard was handsome and cool, as well as
polite, while the other suspected they might have awakened some
remarkable inclination.

At the lobby entrance, many white-collar workers were looking towards
Lumian due to the recent incident.

Lumian spotted Zhou Mingrui, who had changed into a dark polo shirt and
was carrying a black briefcase.

Zhou Mingrui also seemed to recognize him, with a hint of surprise on
his expression.

Lumian gave him a slight smile and gestured towards his security
uniform.

Zhou Mingrui composed his expression and politely nodded.

Beneath his calm exterior, his heart was racing with shock and
suspicion.

*Why is it him, that young man who had an early romance and became a
father at a young age?*

*How did he end up as a security guard at my company?*

*I only saw him a couple of days ago, and now he's a security guard...
Isn't that too coincidental?*

*Is it because of the incident with the vending machine?*

*After becoming an Assassin, I feel like there's been someone secretly
observing me...*

*Is this person trying to investigate my anomaly?*

Zhou Mingrui maintained his usual expression as he stepped into the
elevator, waiting for it.

He began to feel like he should resign and move away from his current
residence, completely escaping the hidden observers...

The reason he hadn't done so before was that his acquisition of Beyonder
powers had not been discovered, and the Intis Group's salary was quite
plush, at the top tier in Yangdu. If he resigned, it would be very
difficult to find a similar good job.

*I'll observe for a little longer. If there really is a problem, I'll
have to resign and move. If that doesn't work, I'll go look for jobs in
Beijing or Shanghai...*

*Will it implicate my family and friends...*

Thinking of this, Zhou Mingrui shuddered, not daring to imagine the
worst-case scenario.

He could hide, but his family and friends couldn't.

And without any evidence, even calling the police might not do any good.

Reaching the 10th floor, Zhou Mingrui, still carrying his black
briefcase, did not immediately head to the tech department, but instead
turned towards the administrative department across the hall.

He wanted to find Luo Shan, the administrative staff member he was most
familiar with, and ask about the new security guard.

Luo Shan was not at her desk, seeming to have gone to the restroom.
After greeting a few other administrative staff, Zhou Mingrui made an
excuse and stood by Luo Shan's desk, waiting for her.

His gaze swept over her desk, finding some familiar items but also a
sense of unfamiliarity.

In addition to the cute decorations she had before, there were now
strange paintings adorning the divider, the surface of her water cup,
and the outer layer of her snack bags.

Next to the computer screen was an empty bottle of a beverage that
seemed to have been kept as a decorative item due to its attractive
design.

Zhou Mingrui's gaze landed on that beverage bottle, looking past the
colorful and diverse abstract packaging to the two words that stood out:
Painter.

*Painter...* Zhou Mingrui's eyes narrowed slightly.

"What are you looking at?" Luo Shan's voice suddenly came from behind
him.

As an Assassin, he had failed to sense her approach in advance.

Zhou Mingrui quickly put on a smile and turned to face Luo Shan, acting
casual.

"I have something to discuss with you.

"I saw a new security guard downstairs just now, and he was arguing with
two people, saying they were taking photos of him without permission..."

Zhou Mingrui recounted the situation he had observed, without adding any
speculation.

Finally, he asked, "Is he one of our company's security guards?"

"Yes, he just started today." Luo Shan had a look of sudden realization.
"I heard from Feifei in HR that they hired a really handsome security
guard, and I was thinking of finding an excuse to go check out the
security department."

Lowering her voice, Luo Shan continued, "I'll tell you a secret, but
don't tell anyone else---that security guard is only 22 years old and
already has a child..."

*I know that; he looks younger than his actual age...* Zhou
Mingrui murmured inwardly.

Luo Shan continued, "Guess how old the child is? 7 years old!"

"7 years old?" Zhou Mingrui doubted if he had heard correctly.

"7 years old, a junior high school student with a child. Tsk tsk." Luo
Shan clucked her tongue.

*Having a child at 15; so he did 'that' at 14... He's right on the edge
of being illegal and criminal... I don't know how old the mother
is...* Zhou Mingrui suddenly felt the new security guard might
not be after him.

*If he had some scheme, why would he expose such an earth-shattering and
attention-grabbing background?*

*How would he be able to carry out his covert operations?*

*That doesn't fit the logic of trying to be discreet!*

Luo Shan rambled on, finally saying, "But he has a very ordinary,
average name---Li Ming."

*Li Ming... Why not Li Hua...* Zhou Mingrui muttered as he left
Luo Shan's desk and headed towards the exit of the administrative
department.

He didn't look back, because he felt Luo Shan might also have some
issues.

She might have already become a Painter.

Zhou Mingrui remembered Luo Shan previously bringing a bunch of
beverages for everyone to draw, and at that time, he had drawn
Instigator and fed it to the mushrooms, while Luo Shan had drunk
Reporter.

Back then, he hadn't detected anything unusual about Luo Shan or the
other colleagues who had drunk similar beverages in the office.

Now, the Painter beverage and the paintings that had appeared on Luo
Shan's desk were making him suspicious.