---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2422
index: 946
section: vol6
slug: 946
title: Five-Star Rating
---

## Chapter 946: Five-Star Rating

After returning to Room 2303 with that painting, Jenna asked Franca,
"Should we have Lumian contact Stiano? He should be very interested in
how to deal with this kind of painting."

The previous self-portrait sketch of Luo Shan could be photographed but
not deleted, while this precipice bridge painting couldn't be
photographed at all.

Franca pondered for a few seconds, then smiled and said, "That's one of
the backup plans, but not the first choice.

"We currently only know that Stiano is interested in mystical photos
that can spread online and can't be deleted. We're not sure if he has
the desire to research paintings that can't be uploaded to the Internet.
Besides, always owing favors to someone or owing too many may not be a
good thing. It will have to be repaid eventually. There's no such thing
as a free lunch.

"It's similar to taking out micro loans. Do it appropriately and
moderately, and be prepared to repay from the beginning."

With the analogy of micro loans, Jenna immediately accepted Franca's
reasoning.

"Then how do we deal with it?" she asked.

Franca's smile widened.

"Wait until dawn, then take this painting to the Star Dream Provisions
Store after the morning rush hour."

"Huh?" Jenna couldn't quite follow Franca's train of thought.

Franca, who had read extensively before her transmigration, always had a
broad perspective. She chuckled softly.

"When you get to the Star Dream Provisions Store, ask the shopkeeper if
She'd buy items with mystical elements, and how much She would offer.

"If She's willing to buy it, this painting probably won't be able to
come back on its own."

*Can it be done like this?* Jenna thought carefully and found it
quite feasible.

Based on the premise that only true gods could enter Mr. Fool's dream
besides those who possessed medium items or had special connections, as
well as details like contacting the Major Arcana card holders by sending
letters to the Church of the Evernight Goddess's high-ranking deacons
through the Star Dream Provisions Store, and the dim environment of the
store itself, Lumian's team could actually guess the shopkeeper's
identity in reality, but they tacitly agreed not to mention it.

If the shopkeeper agreed to buy this strange painting, it meant She
definitely had a way to control the corresponding anomalies and truly
transfer ownership to Her hands.

Moreover, wasn't it normal for a provisions store focusing on mystical
elements to purchase items with mystical elements?

After pondering for a few seconds, Jenna asked, "What if the shopkeeper
doesn't want to buy it?"

"Then ask if we can put this painting in Her store for consignment.
We'll pay a storage fee and give Her a cut of the final sale. It's
equivalent to paying Her to handle the anomaly," Franca said with a
smile. "If She still doesn't agree, we'll contact Stiano through Lumian.
If Stiano doesn't accept, you can take advantage of the daytime to find
an opportunity to throw this painting at the police station. Remember to
hide your identity well."

At this point, Franca's expression suddenly turned serious. "My
spiritual intuition and mystical experience tell me that your process of
dealing with this painting won't be very smooth. There will be dangers.
If the danger is too great, you should actively exit the dream. We still
have two more chances later, there's no need to risk your life now."

"Understood." Jenna nodded solemnly.

Afterwards, she and Franca entered that strange space again and found
Luo Shan once more guarding by the semi-transparent barrier, in quite
good condition.

Franca revealed her identity as a colleague and started chatting
casually with Luo Shan, learning more details about Zhou Mingrui's
situation and which employees in various departments of the Intis Group
were worth noting.

The results of the conversation left Franca and Jenna very satisfied,
feeling that saving Luo Shan was not only a choice of emotion and stance
but also a very correct decision in the course of completing their
mission.

The information obtained from Luo Shan might have taken Franca and
Lumian one or two months to slowly collect on their own.

"Later on, we'll need your help to convince Zhou Mingrui that he is the
future messiah," Franca said to Luo Shan with a flattering smile. "We
can't directly tell him the truth; he definitely wouldn't believe it."

"He absolutely wouldn't believe it. No normal person would. They would
just think it's a prank or a scam," Luo Shan nodded, then added in a
small voice, "I don't fully believe it myself now..."

Franca pretended not to hear Luo Shan's mumbling and changed the
subject.

When dawn broke and they automatically left that strange space, Franca
got out of bed and took out the clothes she was going to wear today from
the wardrobe, with a heavy expression.

Before Jenna could speak, she took the initiative to say,

"There's a good chance you'll encounter danger and anomalies today, so
it's better to dress in a way that allows for easier movement."

Jenna nodded lightly, not refusing.

Franca quickly finished washing up, took off her pajamas, and while
slowly changing her clothes, she muttered, "After I became a Witch and
adapted, sometimes when walking on the street, I would feel pleased and
happy with people's gazes, thinking how charming I am. This might be a
manifestation of a Demoness's narcissism.

"But there's a difference between enjoying it yourself and being forced
by others. And if you're not used to it yourself, you definitely won't
like it. It's like when I was in school, they always required us to wear
uniforms on Mondays, and there would always be some rebellious kids in
each class who didn't want to, preferring to accept punishment
instead..."

Franca rambled on, as if trying to distract herself and reduce the sense
of embarrassment.

She bent over, clumsily putting on the most conservative flesh-colored
stockings, stepped into brand new low-heeled shoes, then stood up and,
using the full-length mirror embedded in the wardrobe, adjusted her
blouse and light gray skirt that reached just above her knees.

Looking at herself in the mirror, Franca pursed her lips, feeling quite
complex.

Jenna watched the whole time without saying a word.

After applying makeup that made her look a bit less attractive, tying up
her long hair, putting on glasses, and picking up a high-quality branded
replica handbag, Franca walked steadily towards the door.

Just before leaving, she turned back and smiled at Jenna.

"Thank you for not saying 'you look beautiful in this outfit' or 'this
really suits you'. However, you seemed a little bit amazed just now.
Hmm, that made me feel a bit better."

"Yes," Jenna returned with an affirming smile.

Franca waved and walked out the door.

*She really is someone who's good at self-regulating her emotions and
staying optimistic...* Jenna sighed inwardly, turning her gaze
away and patiently waiting for the morning rush hour to pass.

Close to 9 o'clock, she carried the painting and left Building 5, coming
to the residential district's lobby.

She chose to take a ride-hailing car to the Star Dream Provisions Store
instead of taking the subway and then switching to a bus. She was afraid
that the painting's anomalies might affect more people. If that
happened, the latent dangers might not do much to her, but the
widespread commotion could bring about more serious problems.

After a while, Jenna walked out of the lobby and came to the roadside,
seeing a white sedan already waiting for her.

After opening the car door with one hand, she glanced towards the
driver's seat, confirming that the driver wasn't wearing a monocle and
had no other obvious features. It was someone she didn't recognize and
didn't trigger her spiritual intuition.

Jenna sat in the back, placing the painting on her lap and holding it to
her chest.

After verifying the last digits of her phone number, the driver started
the vehicle.

Jenna was highly focused, vigilantly guarding against possible
accidents.

Suddenly, she felt her breathing become difficult, while there was no
anomaly around her.

It was as if another her was being pushed into the sea, and the feeling
of drowning was transmitted through a mystical connection.

Without hesitation, Jenna took out a mirror, plucked two strands of
hair, trying to stick them to the mirror's surface and burn them with a
Demoness's black flames.

She was attempting to cast a black magic related to the Mirror
Substitution, actively trying to transfer that mystical connection to
the mirror.

At this moment, Jenna had a hallucination. She saw gently swaying
emerald-green waves and her own hands flailing uncontrollably, as if
struggling to swim to the surface.

However, there was a force pulling at her legs, trying to drag her to
the bottom of the sea.

Almost simultaneously, a pale, swollen hand reached out from nowhere and
covered her mouth.

"Mmph, mmph, mmph...

"Glug, glug, glug..."

Jenna showed obvious signs of drowning, her nose, respiratory tract, and
lungs becoming extremely uncomfortable.

She wanted to use her substitutes but couldn't sense those mirrors. She
seemed to be separated from them in different worlds---even the mystical
connection cut off.

Suddenly, silent black flames flowed out from Jenna's eyeballs,
nostrils, mouth, ears, and other places. These black flames burned her
body from the inside out, burning all the invisible things trying to
influence her.

Outside the black flames, frost condensed, encasing Jenna in a thick
ball of ice and snow.

On the surface of the sphere, countless invisible spider silk retracted,
wrapping layer by layer, forming a huge "cocoon".

Jenna finally no longer felt the agony of nearly drowning, but she still
couldn't sense her body or substitutes.

The next second, she found herself walking on a bridge.

On the other side of the bridge was a steep cliff and a dark forest at
the far end of the cliff.

*Have I entered that painting?* Jenna tried to turn around and
return to the starting point of the bridge, to escape the world inside
the painting from the entrance, but she couldn't control her body and
watched helplessly as "she" continued forward along the bridge.

At this time, two people walked out of the dark forest.

One was Luo Shan with a malicious face, and the other was Jenna herself.

A Jenna with a seductive smile!

*Crack!*

The bridge suddenly broke, and Jenna fell towards the dark abyss whose
bottom couldn't be seen.

Great fear and despair invaded Jenna's mind, her consciousness rapidly
blurring, unable to save herself.

She seemed to already see the image of herself smashed into bloody
pieces.

Taking advantage of her consciousness not yet completely falling into
darkness, before the unimaginable pain arrived, she mustered her last
clarity, about to actively exit the dream.

But it didn't work.

It didn't work!

*Useless...* Jenna's gaze suddenly froze.

She didn't give up; she was still trying to save herself, gritting her
teeth, struggling to regain control of her body to use the Demoness's
feather-fall technique.

At this moment, a ray of sunlight shone into the dark abyss,
illuminating the cliff high above.

All the scenes before Jenna's eyes instantly shattered and fragmented in
the brilliant sunlight.

She suddenly opened her eyes and found herself still sitting in the car,
hugging that painting.

"We've arrived," the driver turned halfway, reminding Jenna.

*I arrived so quickly?* Jenna felt as if she had been walking
for an entire morning in a stuffy environment, her clothes soaked with
sweat.

She looked out the window somewhat bewilderedly and saw the Star Dream
Provisions Store.

Jenna instinctively pushed open the door and got out of the car, wanting
to rush into that shop to avoid other possible anomalies that might come
later.

"Remember to give me a five-star rating!" the driver called out to her
retreating figure.

Jenna unconsciously turned her body sideways, looking back at the
driver.

The driver had a smile at the corner of his mouth and somehow produced a
crystal monocle, putting it on his right eye.