---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2424
index: 948
section: vol6
slug: 948
title: New Employee Orientation
---

## Chapter 948: New Employee Orientation

Grimm's eyes suddenly reflected an indescribably beautiful face, but it
vanished in an instant, like an intoxicating yet elusive dream.

Lumian had already transformed back into his male state, his gaze
returning to the surveillance screens.

After a few seconds, Grimm remarked with some emotion, "When I was
looking at the files transferred from HR, I was thinking that a
22-year-old with a 7-year-old son would be very suitable to be Mother's
child, and could definitely be developed. I didn't expect... hehe, truly
worthy of being a Child of God."

*I didn't alter my background information and it still had this
benefit... Who could have imagined this before...* Lumian had to
admit that some things were beyond even the Conspirer's expectations.

Suddenly, Grimm stood up and left the surveillance room.

In just a few seconds, the cameras inside the surveillance room resumed
their normal operation.

Not long after, the security guard who had gone to defecate came back
swaying and sat down next to Lumian.

He asked in a low voice, "The team lead didn't come, did he?"

This referred to Xu Xinyang, the team lead of Security Team 2.

"No," Lumian answered honestly.

Simultaneously, he silently added, *The team leader indeed didn't come,
but the director did.*

Just then, Lumian's phone vibrated.

He turned his body, facing away from his colleague, discreetly took out
his phone, unlocked the screen, and looked.

The vibration was caused by a WeChat friend request, the applicant was
"Intis Group Grimm".

After Lumian accepted, he took the opportunity to look at Grimm's
Moments.

The most recent post from this Intis Group security director was:
"Children are more important than money, offspring are more important
than work."

This was accompanied by nine photos, each with a different child.

Lumian quickly scrolled down and found that Grimm's Moments had only one
theme, which was sharing about his children.

*As expected of Mother's chosen... Mr. Fool's subconscious cognition is
still too conservative, only giving Grimm nine children. Well, it also
has to conform to the daily situations of the dream city...*
Lumian locked the screen, put the phone back in his pants pocket, and
thought about how to use Grimm's connection in the future.

He planned to inquire about what Grimm had been doing recently and how
well he had been doing it, under the pretext of a superior's assessment
next time.

___

Tenth floor, Intis Group Administrative Department, in a separate small
office.

Franca, led by an HR employee, met Zhang Qing, the deputy director of
the Administrative Department.

He was also one of the interviewers at the time.

Zhang Qing looked Franca over a few times, and actually felt somewhat
amazed, of course, this was based on her state during the interview as a
reference.

He could only say that her figure was indeed very good and suited this
outfit well.

While feeling slightly amazed, Zhang Qing also started to feel a
headache coming on.

He worried that this new employee, Luo Fu, might be blindly arrogant and
set her sights on Mr. Huang. He hoped she would honestly and diligently
do her job and share the work between himself and the others.

Thinking of this, Zhang Qing couldn't help but sigh inwardly.

This was his daily state---facing beautiful women of various styles
every day. As a man, it was inevitable to have some emotional and desire
fluctuations, but thinking that any of these beauties might become Mr.
Huang's mistress at any time, he had to restrain himself and not show
any abnormality. Moreover, these beauties would occasionally quarrel and
fight, coming to his office crying to complain, requiring him to spend a
lot of energy mediating.

This made him physically and mentally exhausted every day, feeling a
sense of spiritual impotence.

*Namo Amitabha...* After Zhang Qing muttered to himself, he
began to explain the daily work and precautions of the office to Franca
according to the procedure. Finally, he said,

"I'll find an experienced employee to guide you. Your position will be
arranged near that experienced employee."

Franca took the initiative to say, "Can you ask Luo Shan to guide me? I
live very close to her, we knew each other before, and it was she who
made me full of longing for the company."

Before officially starting work, Franca had already thought about what
image she wanted to establish in the Intis Group---a newcomer without
much scheming, rather frank and cheerful, sometimes speaking without
thinking.

She felt that as long as she didn't deliberately think about problems,
following her daily life state, she could play this role well.

Zhang Qing nodded slightly, his expression relaxing considerably.

"Alright."

He stood up, led Franca out of the small office, and introduced her to
other employees in the Administrative Department.

Franca saw a series of beautiful women, all striving to highlight their
own characteristics. There were innocent ones, glamorous ones, and those
going for the pure and sexy look, giving a feeling of a hundred flowers
blooming.

These women were all alert at first glance of Franca, but after their
gaze fell on her face and scrutinized for a few seconds, they relaxed.

Some of them perfunctorily greeted her, then picked up their makeup
mirrors to touch up their makeup, while others enthusiastically chatted
with Franca, thinking about dumping some of their work on this newcomer
later.

Franca, having managed a large number of dancers before, was not at all
unfamiliar with such occasions and naturally and appropriately followed
Zhang Qing around the Administrative Department.

Seeing this, Zhang Qing imperceptibly nodded.

*Indeed, she has three years of work experience, and the evaluation from
her previous job is also very good...*

*Well, after seeing so many star-like beauties, she shouldn't have any
unrealistic thoughts, right?*

Franca noticed that about half of the employees in the Administrative
Department were working seriously, and among them were also many
good-looking women. Some of them were purely attracted by the high
salaries of the Intis Group, not very interested in Mr. Huang, and had
no hope for possible favor. Rather than becoming Mr. Huang's mistress,
they wanted to develop in their careers and prove themselves. Others
planned to establish the image of a capable woman, thinking that maybe
Mr. Huang liked this type recently?

After introducing Franca to the employees of the Administrative
Department, Zhang Qing stopped near Luo Shan's position and nodded
slightly.

"Luo Shan has gone to the foreign trade department and will be back
later. Since you already know each other, I don't need to introduce you.

"Well, Mr. Ed is currently entertaining distinguished guests and is not
in the company. I'll take you to meet him later."

Mr. Ed referred to Edward, the vice president of the Intis Group, in
charge of administration and business.

*Entertaining distinguished guests? Zaratulstra mentioned in the
information from the Major Arcana card holders? This person is most
likely a subordinate of the Celestial Worthy, suspected to be a Seer
pathway Angel who is currently possessing Loki...* Franca
pondered as she replied to Zhang Qing.

She then sat down at the desk not far from Luo Shan's position, hiding
her legs under the table.

This gave her back a sense of security, and the faint shame subsided.

After Zhang Qing left, Franca sat in her position, looked around the
bright and clean Administrative Department, and silently exclaimed, *So
this is what working is like?*

During the time after her transmigration when she lived on the original
body's savings, she naturally thought about not eating away at his
savings. But she didn't understand the skills the original body knew,
and the original body had no education, so she could only find jobs like
waitressing and kitchen helper. Then, because she couldn't stand the
conscience of those merchants and was unwilling to make counterfeit
goods or help deceive innocent people, she couldn't last more than a few
days before being fired either voluntarily or involuntarily. Almost no
job lasted a full month, and there were a few times when she was almost
beaten up.

In her view, this was no different from doing internships or summer jobs
during college, and now was her first real job, especially in a dream
city very similar to the world she transmigrated from.

While observing naturally, Franca saw those paintings on Luo Shan's
desk.

Her heart suddenly skipped a beat.

*Luo Shan's paintings at home have been cleaned up, but there are still
some here...*

After some consideration, Franca stood up, walked to Luo Shan's seat,
tore down all the paintings that could be torn down, and threw the ones
that couldn't be torn down into the trash can along with the items.

Just as she finished doing this, she felt someone watching her. She
quickly turned around and saw a young man standing in the aisle near Luo
Shan's position.

The man wore plain glasses and a plaid shirt interwoven with three
colors. His appearance was slightly handsome with a very clear chin. It
was Zhou Mingrui.

*Damn... I've directly encountered Mr. Fool's dream image...*
Seeing Zhou Mingrui's confused expression, Franca quickly explained,
"Luo Shan asked me to help deal with it."

Zhou Mingrui looked at the paintings and items in the trash can and said
as if talking to himself, "Luo Shan asked to throw them away?"

He then glanced at Franca's heel height and muttered in his heart,

*With such low heels, she's still a bit taller than me...*

Franca nodded repeatedly. "Yes."

Zhou Mingrui withdrew his gaze and smiled politely.

"Where did Luo Shan go? I have something to discuss with her."

"She went to the foreign trade department to coordinate something,"
Franca repeated Zhang Qing's words.

"I see..." Zhou Mingrui then asked, "Are you transferred from another
department to the Administrative Department? I don't think I've seen you
before."

"I just joined," Franca answered honestly.

Seeing Zhou Mingrui's gaze unconsciously move towards Luo Shan's seat,
Franca controlled her inner nervousness and smiled naturally. "Luo Shan
and I are neighbors, we knew each other before. Before she went to
handle something, she asked me to help her throw away all these
paintings. She doesn't want them anymore."

"Doesn't want them anymore..." Zhou Mingrui repeated this sentence
softly, then asked Franca with a colleague's attitude, "Did Luo Shan
give you an internal recommendation?"

"No," Franca said with a slight pride. "I relied on my own abilities."

Then, she said in a teasing tone, "Maybe the Administrative Department
has been busier recently and needs more people who can really get things
done."

She didn't want Mr. Fool's dream image to think she was a gold digger.

Zhou Mingrui exchanged a few more pleasantries, left the Administrative
Department, and returned to the opposite side.

Franca sat back in her position and quietly let out a sigh of relief.

*Fortunately, I've been well-trained in front of the Demoness of Black.
Mr. Fool, uh, Zhou Mingrui shouldn't have noticed that I was a bit
nervous just now, right?*

*It's normal to be nervous; after all, being caught throwing away a
colleague's belongings behind their back...*

___

In the Security Department.

Lumian took the opportunity of going to the bathroom to take out his
phone and clicked on the dialog box with Anderson Hood.

The chat interface was still on the initial greeting message.