---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2425
index: 949
section: vol6
slug: 949
title: Action Outline
---

## Chapter 949: Action Outline

Lumian waited until the Dream Tutoring Classes opened before sending a
WeChat voice message to Anderson Hood: "Mr. Anderson, does your tutoring
school have painting classes? A friend of mine wants to know."

Late last night, after receiving Jenna's message, Lumian had been
thinking about how to probe Anderson Hood. Based on the premise that Luo
Shan had been controlled and her personality alteration had been
initially resolved, he felt this matter was not urgent. There was no
need to screenshot the legal representative and shareholder information
of "Colorful Hostel" and send it directly to Anderson, "teasing" him
about having other businesses on the side, then observe the subsequent
reactions and wait for any unexpected developments that might result.

He planned to start with the painting issue, making initial probes,
preferably without alerting Anderson.

Anderson didn't immediately reply to Lumian, and Lumian didn't linger in
the bathroom. After putting his phone in his pants pocket, he walked
back to the surveillance room.

Looking at the large screens in front, his mind flashed through some
"experiments" he had done and needed to do:

1\. Observe Mr. Fool's dream manifestation Zhou Mingrui and the people
around him;

2\. First contact with Zhou Mingrui during the day, leaving a certain
impression;

3\. Contact people close to Zhou Mingrui, divided into multiple stages,
eliminating the suspicion of one target before contacting the second,
and so on;

4\. Contact Zhou Mingrui again during the day, leaving a deeper
impression;

5\. Establish a relationship with Zhou Mingrui during the day where they
can chat, hinting at the existence of Beyonder powers and his goodwill;

6\. First contact with Zhou Mingrui at night;

7\. Hint at the existence of Beyonder powers and his goodwill to Zhou
Mingrui at night;

8\. Based on the results of previous experiments and information
gathered, formulate an official awakening plan.

This was the action outline for Lumian's team. Currently, the first four
parts had been completed, without any members being kicked out of the
dream or restricted---the third part was spread throughout all
subsequent steps, and team members responsible for contact had to
self-isolate for a day and night before continuing to advance.

The danger gradually increased in the later parts. Lumian didn't think
about avoiding it, because determining the degree and source of danger
was one of the purposes of the experiment.

Only by knowing what could be done, what couldn't be done, what would
lead to immediate expulsion, and what would take time to explode, could
their team officially enter the eighth part of the action outline and
formulate a targeted awakening plan.

At this stage, Lumian wasn't worried or afraid of failure; he was
worried and afraid of not being able to find the reasons for failure.

With this mindset, he approached many things with a "testing" attitude,
including whether the Information Shredder worked, whether Stiano was
trustworthy, what relationship Anderson Hood had with the Painter
pathway, whether Grimm had become one of the Great Mother's tools to
influence the dream, and so on.

After obtaining the "test" results, they would contact the Major Arcana
card holders to compare accounts, which might reveal some interesting
and useful details.

If they had consulted the Major Arcana card holders from the beginning,
forming preconceived notions and fixed thinking patterns, they might not
have "tested" some things, and thus wouldn't have obtained their own
results. Their minds would only have the conclusions given by the Major
Arcana card holders, which might cause them to miss key information.

As Lumian was pondering what to do next, he noticed an extra person in
one of the surveillance footage on the tenth floor.

The camera was aimed at the entrance of Aurora Company, and a person
wearing a black robe with a wide, deep hood, completely out of place
among the nearby white-collar workers, walked out.

Suddenly, a bunch of things fell out from inside the person's robe,
landing on the floor.

The person quickly crouched down, the hem of the robe covering the
fallen objects.

When he stood up, the ground was clean again, without any items.

After watching this person walk out of the surveillance frame and seeing
him enter the elevator through the elevator surveillance, Lumian
silently said to himself, *The corresponding image of a certain Aurora
Order mister in the dream city?*

The security guard sitting next to him followed his gaze and laughed.
"It's fine; those clowns from Aurora Company are like that, it's
nothing, it's nothing."

"I thought it was some kind of performance art," Lumian said as he saw
Luo Shan walk out of the elevator and enter Intis Group.

___

In the Administrative Department, large office.

Luo Shan stood confused next to her position, seeing her desk with fewer
items.

"I helped you throw away all those paintings," Franca walked up to Luo
Shan and explained with a smile.

Luo Shan suddenly realized. "I had forgotten about that, I'll draw some
new ones later..."

She paused, looked around, and asked in a lowered voice, "Can I, can I
still paint later?"

"Yes, it doesn't affect your ability to use your power," Franca
comforted her quietly, then raised her volume, "Director Zhang asked you
to familiarize me with the work process."

Zhang Qing's full title was Deputy Director of the Administrative
Department of Intis Group.

"Alright," Luo Shan pulled Franca over and openly chatted about various
rumors within the company.

Finally, Luo Shan said, "I forgot to tell you last night, there's a very
fierce young security guard recently, he even dares to confront those
MCN company people. He's really handsome, but don't tell anyone, he
already has a 7-year-old son, and he's only 22!"

*Theoretically speaking, I am the child's mother, one of
them...* Franca's mouth twitched slightly as she echoed with
emotion, "Doesn't that mean he had a child in middle school?"

After chatting about this for a while, Franca returned to her seat and
entered work mode according to Luo Shan's guidance.

After familiarizing herself with the office system, she rotated her
chair and stood up, wanting to help Luo Shan share some work.

She saw Luo Shan holding a pencil, focused on drawing on a white paper.

What is she drawing? Franca softened her steps and silently walked to
Luo Shan's side.

She found that Luo Shan was sketching her own portrait, with the Luo
Shan in the drawing having hollow eyes, a cold expression, and a curled
mouth.

*Wh---* Franca's eyes focused, and she immediately reached out
her right hand and patted Luo Shan's shoulder. "What are you drawing?"

Luo Shan was startled and quickly stopped drawing.

She turned her body, and seeing it was Franca, she visibly relaxed and
pressed her chest saying, "You scared me! I thought Old Zhang had caught
me slacking off."

As she spoke, Luo Shan glanced at the sketch on the table, and her
expression quickly became terrified. "W-why would I draw this?"

Franca pondered for two seconds and showed a smile that made Luo Shan
extremely reassured. "Don't worry, you can finish the last few strokes,
I'll handle it."

Luo Shan, uncertain and frightened, leaned forward again and added the
last few strokes, making the portrait more lifelike.

As soon as she finished drawing, the Luo Shan in the sketch presented a
state as if about to come alive.

Franca grabbed the drawing, and black flames burned discreetly in her
palm.

The expression of Luo Shan in the drawing immediately became painful,
full of resentment and hatred, as if she was being burned by flames.

In the blink of an eye, the drawing curled up, showed signs of
spontaneous combustion, quickly turned to ashes, and fell into the trash
can.

While completing this, Franca used the Mirror Maze through the
transparent screen on the side of the desk, Luo Shan's phone screen, and
the mirror being used by a nearby colleague for makeup touch-ups, to
deal with the camera surveillance, not leaving traces of Beyonder powers
in the corresponding footage.

Luo Shan stared blankly as Franca dealt with the portrait, and after a
few seconds said, "I feel like my whole being is much lighter again; my
mood is better..."

Franca nodded and said, "You can treat it as another release of negative
emotions and desires."

She considered for two seconds and added, "Currently, we can only treat
your symptoms, not solve the root cause of the problem. Simply put, we
can only treat the symptoms, not cure the disease.

"So, you need to be vigilant about your own state, do self-examination
from time to time, and if you find something wrong, immediately come to
us for a new round of treatment. Don't delay, otherwise, behavior like
just now will happen again, and the consequences are unpredictable.

"Power is a double-edged sword, it can harm others and also harm
oneself, this will accompany us for life."

Luo Shan listened quietly, remained silent for a moment, then lowered
her head and smiled. "I understand what you mean. I hope, hope I can
hold on for a few more years, preferably until I retire, no, let me
enjoy life for five more years after retirement."

Seeing Luo Shan's smile, Franca suddenly felt it was a bit dazzling,
making her eyes ache.

She comforted in a gentle voice, "If you can hold on, you must hold on.
It's like some diseases that were terminal in earlier years, but if you
actively cooperate with treatment and try to prolong life as much as
possible, with the development of technology, they can now be cured or
better controlled.

"In the future, we might become stronger, or we might meet stronger
people who have ways to solve the problem of power corruption."

Luo Shan nodded slowly and smiled at Franca. "I'll try hard, and you
should work hard too, let's all work hard!"

Franca remained silent for a moment, deactivated the Mirror Maze, and
returned to her own seat.

She picked up her phone and found that Jenna, with the nickname "Nana
and Lily", had sent her a message describing the dangers encountered on
the way to deliver the painting to Star Dream Provisions Store, the help
received, and the final result.

Franca felt a wave of fear reading it, quite regretful that she hadn't
accompanied Jenna.

She had anticipated great danger but thought that Jenna, who could
actively exit the dream, would at most waste one opportunity. She didn't
expect that the power representing the Fantasy Association's evil god
could prevent them from returning to reality.

Jenna had almost really died.

*Fortunately, Amon and His father are on our side... Jenna's experience
also provided us with important intelligence. In the future, when
encountering people and objects of the Painter pathway, we need to be
careful about not being able to exit the dream...* Franca,
thinking of Lumian about to or already probing Anderson Hood, quickly
forwarded Jenna's message to him and reminded him to remember to delete
it using the Information Shredder.

After confirming that Lumian was currently fine and had received the
warning, Franca glanced sideways at Luo Shan, roughly understanding why
her condition had suddenly relapsed earlier.

It coincided with the time when that painting appeared abnormal and
Jenna nearly died.

___

Inside the surveillance room.

After deleting the messages from Franca and Jenna using the Information
Shredder, Lumian pinged Anthony.

He continued to watch the surveillance, looking for potentially abnormal
people and events.

At this time, Xu Xinyang, the leader of Security Team 2, entered the
surveillance room and patted the shoulders of his two subordinates.
"After work this afternoon, let's go visit Old Wang and Old Ding
together, they're out of danger now.

"After visiting the hospital, let's gather with all the folks who aren't
on shifts. It's also to welcome Little Li to our team."

"Old Wang and Old Ding?" Lumian could guess who the team leader was
talking about, but still had to put on a confused expression.

Xu Xinyang, with his burly build, square face, and very tanned skin,
said with both amusement and helplessness, "Didn't you see the news?
Several of our folks were struck by lightning. Fortunately, it wasn't
people from our Team 2 who died. Damn, how did they get struck by
lightning?"

"Oh, I remember now," Lumian then asked, "Which hospital are Old Wang
and Old Ding in?"

Xu Xinyang answered simply, "Mushu Hospital."