---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2436
index: 960
section: vol6
slug: 960
title: Psychiatric Ward
---

## Chapter 960: Psychiatric Ward

Using the cover of the parents in front, Lumian discreetly observed
Zaratulstra's every move.

After listening to Ai Nana's introduction for a few minutes, Zaratulstra
nodded, left the door of the Business English class, and turned to look
at the other training classes currently in session.

*He didn't do anything...* Lumian was puzzled, but remained
vigilant.

It wasn't until Zaratulstra finished touring Dream Tutoring Classes and
Ai Nana escorted him and his entourage out, returning to teach the
Business English class, that Lumian sat back in his original seat and
silently said to himself, *He's leaving just like that?*

*Was he simply here to recognize Zhou Mingrui, complete the initial
contact, or did he secretly do something that I didn't notice? For
example, has he already controlled Ms. Ai, or discreetly used some
ability to achieve his predetermined goal from just a few meters
away?*

After thinking it through, Lumian picked up his phone and sent a message
to Jenna: "Ask Luo Shan to remind the target via WeChat to pay attention
to his condition today, not to drink water he brought to the tutoring
class, and to buy new water later."

This was to indirectly and subtly remind Zhou Mingrui, and at the same
time, it was an experiment to see if hints conveyed through dream
characters during the day would bring any anomalies to themselves.

A few minutes later, Zhou Mingrui, who was listening attentively to the
lecture, felt his phone vibrate in his pocket.

He took out his phone, lowered his head, unlocked the screen, and saw a
message from Luo Shan: "Remember to examine yourself three times a day,
and don't drink water you've brought outside."

*What does this mean? I can't make head or tail of the message. It's
puzzling...* Zhou Mingrui first grumbled to himself, then
perceived the hidden reminder.

He hadn't yet fully determined whether Luo Shan was good or bad, whether
she had more good intentions or bad intentions towards him, but the hint
to frequently examine his own condition and not drink the current water
wouldn't cause any harm even if he followed it.

In such matters, it's better to believe something existed than to doubt
its existence!

Zhou Mingrui replied with an "Okay" and stuffed the phone back into his
pocket, raising his head again.

He didn't look at the bottle of mineral water he had placed on the table
again.

Outside the classroom, Lumian once again scrutinized Zaratulstra's
recent behavior.

*He just looked at Zhou Mingrui from a few meters away for a while,
without trying to get closer...*

*Whether or not he did anything secretly, this behavior makes me feel
that he doesn't dare to deeply engage with Zhou Mingrui, to do some
things in front of that person...*

*Combined with Franca's morning description of the feeling of being
kicked out of the dream and the overt and covert struggles in the
lottery incident, it can be seen that Mr. Fool has a certain control
over the dream, at least not much weaker than the Celestial Worthy. In
this situation, if Zaratulstra stimulates him and his identity is
discovered or locked onto, he is likely to be made into a marionette or
kicked out of the dream...*

*In the dream city, it's not just us who need to be careful, the
Celestial Worthy's subordinates also have to follow the same
rules...*

Thinking of this, Lumian's train of thought became much clearer.

He stood up and began pacing in the corridor, thinking about the details
of some issues while waiting for the possible consequences of indirectly
reminding Zhou Mingrui.

Walking to the end of the passageway, he casually glanced outside
through the window.

He suddenly saw that across the street, Zaratulstra walked out of the
building accompanied by a young girl, followed by his entourage and many
unfamiliar faces.

Lumian was very familiar with the appearance of that young girl.

The Major Arcana card holder, The Hermit, Queen of Stars Cattleya!

*In the dream city, Ma'am Hermit's role is Huang Jiajia, roommate of
Miss Bernie Huang, and because she lost a bet, she always calls Bernie
Huang 'dad'... Mr. Fool's subconscious weaving of relationships is quite
interesting...*

*Huang Jiajia's family runs Star Tutoring Classes, which is a competitor
to Dream Tutoring Classes, so she used high remuneration to ask Zhou
Mingrui to enroll in Dream Tutoring Classes to scout the
enemy...*

*Is Zaratulstra putting on a full show by examining Dream Tutoring
Classes' competitors as well, or does he want to do something to Ma'am
Hermit's dream manifestation?*

*Speaking of which, the dried mushrooms that prevented Zhou Mingrui from
drinking the Instigator beverage came from Huang Jiajia, grown by the
biology teacher Li Keji at Star Tutoring Classes, whose prototype is the
'Legendary Druid' Frank Lee... No wonder those dried mushrooms had
supernatural properties. In Mr. Fool's subconscious, any mushroom
products sent by Frank Lee might be problematic...*

Lumian stood at the window, watching until Zaratulstra got into a black
business car, with Huang Jiajia and others waving goodbye at the
roadside, before preparing to walk back to the outside of the Beginner
English class.

Suddenly, he heard a wee-woo wee-woo sound.

It was an ambulance, stopping at the entrance of Star Tutoring Classes.
Not only nurses but also police officers jumped out.

*What happened? Was it brought by Zaratulstra? *Lumian stopped
in his tracks and continued observing from afar.

Before long, the police and nurses brought out a person from Star
Tutoring Classes. The person was wearing a white shirt and olive green
overalls, with longish brown hair and dense body hair. His hands were
handcuffed behind his back, and his legs and body were tightly bound.

This person was carried out and stuffed into the ambulance.

Lumian recognized this person.

He was Li Keji, the biology teacher at Star Tutoring Classes,
corresponding to the prototype character "Legendary Druid" Frank Lee!

*Why was he arrested? And arrested using an ambulance...*

*Did he cause problems with the mushrooms?*

*Or is this the problem brought by Zaratulstra? Is he trying to
eliminate Frank Lee's dream manifestation to prevent some mushroom from
ruining his plans next time?*

Lumian quickly took out his phone and scrolled through local news and
videos.

In just a few minutes, he saw related posts: "Guys, can you believe it?
I just went to take some biology tutoring, and the teacher was arrested
as a mentally ill terrorist!

"Is studying biology so dangerous?

"The teacher had said earlier that if we did well on this test, he would
give us a bag of new mushroom strains!"

After scrolling through several similar videos, Lumian roughly confirmed
that Frank Lee had been arrested by the Celestial Worthy's side on some
pretext, first to be treated for mental issues, then to deal with other
matters.

*However, judging from the description in the latest issue of The Great
Adventurer and the situation with Zhou Mingrui's bag of dried mushrooms,
the probability that the mushrooms grown at 'Li Keji's' home are
harmless is very, very low. What's this called... it seems to be
endangering public safety by dangerous means? Arresting him seems
reasonable...* Just as Lumian thought of this, he received a
message.

It was from "Intis Group Grimm": "There's a matter that requires your
personal attention."

*What matter requires the Child of God to handle personally?*
Lumian used voice input to reply: "Is it urgent?"

"Not too urgent." Grimm quickly replied.

Lumian pondered for a few seconds and replied: "Then wait until I've
finished with the child."

In front of the Mother Goddess's believers, it was better to show more
of the glory of motherhood, to make them more certain of one's identity.

"Alright, please attend to your matters first." Grimm replied quite
humbly, completely unlike the security director of the Intis Group,
while Lumian was just a mere security guard.

Lumian took this opportunity to inform Jenna about the Zaratulstra
matter and Frank Lee's fate.

When the Business English class and Beginner English class ended one
after another, Lumian politely said goodbye to Zhou Mingrui, took
Ludwig, left Dream Tutoring Classes, and got into the gray sedan driven
by Anthony.

Only then did he send a message to "Intis Group Grimm": "Time and
place."

Just a dozen seconds later, Grimm responded: "I'll wait for you at the
entrance of Mushu Hospital."

*Mushu Hospital...* Lumian frowned slightly.

___

Under the blazing sunlight, Lumian saw Grimm standing in the shade of a
tree.

The security director of the Intis Group had changed into a
light-colored striped shirt and was wearing sunglasses, disguising
himself quite well.

"What's the matter?" Lumian walked past Grimm, heading straight into
Mushu Hospital.

Grimm followed behind him to the side, saying with a smile in his voice,
"You'll know when you see it. This should be one of the purposes Mother
wanted you to come here for."

*The way you're talking, it feels like you've dug a trap in front and
are waiting for me to fall in... Lumian nodded slightly, not asking
further.*

*Wouldn't asking too much reveal that there's actually no connection
between me and the Great Mother?*

Grimm quickened his pace, overtaking him, and led the way in front.

He led Lumian around the main building to a three-story building behind
it, surrounded by high walls, with a lawn and garden.

"This is the psychiatric ward," Grimm introduced, verifying his identity
with the security guard and passing through the iron gate.

Lumian nodded thoughtfully.

The two quickly entered the building, and just as they climbed to the
second floor under the nurse's guidance, they heard a patient banging on
the iron door and shouting, "Let me out!

"I'm not sick! I only lost after fighting with two supreme beings to the
edge of the universe, and you caught me, I'm not sick!

"This is my marionette, this is my paper figurine, look, I have them all
with me, I'm not crazy!

"I've divined it, there's no danger, really no danger. That voice is
normal, haven't you heard it?

"Let me out! Let me out!"

Lumian raised his right eyebrow.

*Which Seer pathway Beyonder is this? At least a
Marionettist...*

Lumian immediately associated this with the Marionettist who hadn't
intervened when they killed the reanimated female corpse, and thought of
the madman found in the garbage dump near Moon Plazal the next morning,
who had been sent to the hospital.

*Is this the Marionettist who went mad? So he was sent to the
psychiatric ward of Mushu Hospital... What voice did he hear? Did that
cause him to go mad?* As Lumian pondered, his footsteps didn't
stop. He followed behind the nurse and Grimm all the way to the end of
an empty corridor.

The nurse stood at the door of the deepest ward and said to Grimm and
Lumian, "The patient is inside. You can look at him through the window,
but don't reach your hands in."

After saying this, she turned and left, without providing any further
warnings.

After watching the nurse disappear at the stairwell, Grimm smiled at
Lumian and said,

"Child of God, Li Keji is inside."

*Li Keji... Frank Lee?* Although Lumian had already anticipated
this, he was still shocked.