---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2447
index: 971
section: vol6
slug: 971
title: Past Events
---

## Chapter 971: Past Events

"The awakening of The World spells The Fool's return..."

Jenna had seen this sentence in the materials provided by the Major
Arcana card holders. It was considered the most important revelation
made by Mr. Fool before he fell into slumber, concealing the direction
to awaken him.

The Fool---Sequence 0 of the Seer pathway---was said to have authority
over fate!

Jenna looked at Madam Justice without asking questions, waiting for her
to continue.

Madam Justice pointed to the sofa area. "Let's sit down and talk."

After they each chose a sofa, Madam Justice began speaking in a gentle
voice, "After our initial intelligence gathering in the dream city, we
discovered a problem:

"There was no dream manifestation corresponding to Gehrman Sparrow.

"Among Mr. Fool's avatars, Klein Moretti's dream manifestation was
merged with Zhou Mingrui. This can be seen from Zhou Mingrui's brother
being called Benson Zhou and his sister Zhou Sasa, corresponding to
Klein Moretti's real-life brother Benson and sister Melissa.

"Other manifestations, like the private detective and the wandering
magician, could be found in the dream city, but they were scattered
among multiple people. They either used half of their names or only
exhibited corresponding characteristics."

Hearing this, Jenna nodded slightly.

These had all been mentioned in the materials, and their team had also
secretly observed the corresponding manifestations, planning to make
deeper contact with them in turn.

Madam Justice smiled with a sigh.

"We've confirmed those dream manifestations, and there were no issues or
anything we could exploit.

"But Gehrman Sparrow, as one of Mr. Fool's two most important
manifestations and The World mentioned in that revelation, had no
corresponding manifestation in the dream city.

"At the time, this raised strong suspicions and made us a bit excited.

"It's not a problem if there are issues; it's a problem if everything is
normal.

"After discussion, we decided to try to create the character of Gehrman
Sparrow in the dream city. Only with Gehrman Sparrow could we talk about
awakening The World."

Jenna listened with both surprise and excitement.

This approach was something they hadn't thought of before.

Of course, this was mainly because they had just finished observing
important characters and were still experimenting with the results of
different levels of contact with different characters. They hadn't yet
compiled the intelligence or sought ways to awaken Mr. Fool.

Lumian had made some associations from the phrase "The awakening of The
World spells The Fool's return," which was why he had Jenna apply for a
job at Hall Film Company to observe the actor playing Gehrman Sparrow
more closely.

What they hadn't realized was that filming "The Great Pirate 3" not only
included the idea of stimulating Zhou Mingrui and awakening his
memories, but also aimed to create the dream manifestation of Gehrman
Sparrow out of thin air!

Madam Justice continued, "Our first attempt was to use my Dreamweaver
ability and Hall Group's resources to directly create Gehrman Sparrow's
dream manifestation and give him real identity proof and past
experiences. The result was, well, I got kicked out of the dream.

"I got my gold coin from Madam Reinette, and later returned it to Her.
She had already been kicked out three times before I entered the dream
city.

"Being kicked out of the dream didn't discourage me. I even felt
excited, believing this might truly be a meaningful direction.
Otherwise, the Celestial Worthy wouldn't have turned His gaze to this
place far from Zhou Mingrui.

"We started our second attempt, with Madam Magician using her identity
as a, um, bestselling novelist to write 'The Great Pirate 3′.″

"Was 'The Great Pirate 3' also deliberately written by you guys?" Jenna
asked thoughtfully.

Madam Justice smiled in a way that made Jenna's eyes light up.

"Haven't you watched 'The Great Pirate 1' and 'The Great Pirate 2'? They
tell stories about pirates, but the character Gehrman Sparrow doesn't
appear. In other words, before Madam Magician personally wrote 'The
Great Pirate 3', the dream manifestation of Gehrman Sparrow didn't exist
even in the story.

"The completion and publication of 'The Great Pirate 3' also resulted in
Madam Magician being kicked out of the dream.

"We felt we were on the right track, so I used Hall Film Company to
purchase the film and television rights for 'The Great Pirate 3' and
began preparations for filming."

*It's great to have money...* Jenna couldn't help but sigh.

For their small team, forget about filming a movie about Gehrman
Sparrow, they couldn't even afford to buy the rights to 'The Great
Pirate 3' without winning the lottery who knows how many times.

Madam Justice reminisced. "I personally served as the producer and
personally selected the actor to play Gehrman Sparrow.

"Then, I discovered An Xiaotian. He was an actor and a star. It was such
a coincidence, as if Mr. Fool had secretly set it up, waiting for us to
trigger it.

"An Xiaotian's backstory in the dream was that he was an orphan, raised
by his older sister. He dropped out after high school and entered the
entertainment industry.

"His sister fell seriously ill and is currently in a vegetative state.
To maintain hope for his sister's awakening, he worked hard to become a
big star and earned quite a bit of money.

"I extended an invitation to him, offering a salary he couldn't refuse.

"At the time, I was actually a bit uneasy, wondering if having An
Xiaotian play Gehrman Sparrow would cause any problems. You know, An
Xiaotian corresponds to Antigonus in reality, who was The Half-Fool in
the Fourth Epoch and hasn't perished yet. If we merged His spiritual
imprint with the movie image of Gehrman Sparrow, it could potentially
affect Mr. Fool's self-awareness or benefit Antigonus and that Celestial
Worthy.

"To ensure there were no issues, we contacted Antigonus through the
Church of Evernight Goddess. He told us we could try."

"Does Antigonus have close ties with the Church of Evernight Goddess?
Can He be trusted?" Jenna asked instinctively.

Madam Justice's smile became somewhat complex.

"Being captured and imprisoned is also a kind of connection, I
suppose...

"However, after the Goddess provided a revelation and promised Antigonus
one thing, He began working for the Church of Evernight Goddess. His
words are quite credible now.

"That's why I ultimately decided to invite An Xiaotian to play Gehrman
Sparrow.

"On the day of the shoot, An Xiaotian had a very serious car accident
and also became a vegetable."

*Also... both he and his sister became vegetables...* Jenna
found it tragic.

"At the same time, that also caused me to be kicked out of the dream for
the second time," Madam Justice said in a self-mocking tone.
"Afterwards, I faced significant restrictions. By the time I entered the
dream for the third time, Holly had already chosen the actor to play
Gehrman Sparrow. The silver lining was that she decided to personally
fund and establish a foundation to fully cover the medical expenses for
An Xiaotian and his sister."

Jenna vaguely felt that Madam Justice was praising her own dream
manifestation---Holly---for being a decent person, living up to her
ideal image, but she didn't dare to say it too clearly.

Madam Justice skipped over this topic and said directly, "I couldn't
find anyone more suitable to play Gehrman Sparrow, and the medicine
provided by Mr. Moon couldn't wake up An Xiaotian. I had no choice but
to let Jia Yu give it a try. Unfortunately, after Jia Yu finished
filming, he couldn't merge with the manifestation of Gehrman Sparrow,
and the movie didn't make Zhou Mingrui remember anything. It only
created some character imitators of Gehrman Sparrow.

"Perhaps when An Xiaotian had the car accident, the goal that 'The Great
Pirate 3' was meant to achieve was destined to fail.

"During the filming of 'The Great Pirate 3', I actually noticed that
people were gradually forgetting An Xiaotian, no longer remembering this
person, only able to recall related events.

"I wasn't affected, but I also gave myself psychological suggestions not
to forget An Xiaotian.

"When I was in the dream city, I indeed remembered, until I was kicked
out for the third time..."

*Feels like you were somewhat Fooled...* Jenna thought for a few
seconds and said, "There might still be very useful secrets hidden in
relation to An Xiaotian, which is why the Celestial Worthy would Fool
everyone and make them forget about him."

"That's our guess too." Madam Justice nodded.

Jenna then said, "An Xiaotian in his vegetative state seems to want to
warn Lumian to be careful of someone. Could you please contact Antigonus
again to see if He has dreamed anything in reality or knows something?"

"That's our duty," Madam Justice looked around and said, "Don't rush
back. Wait for the feedback from the Church of Evernight Goddess. It
might come very soon, and you can take this opportunity to deepen your
psychological recognition of reality, to avoid confusing reality and
dreams in the end."

"Alright," Jenna politely nodded, stood up, and walked towards the
garden at the back of the villa.

She wanted to take a walk there.

___

3 am.

When Franca saw Jian Na, who had fallen asleep at some point, suddenly
wake up, she understood that the real Jenna had returned.

Jenna lowered her voice and recounted in detail what Madam Justice had
said to Franca. Finally, she said, "Antigonus said He can sense Mr.
Fool's dream, but He hasn't entered it and doesn't want to, so He
doesn't know what the vegetative An Xiaotian wants to warn Lumian
about."

"Is it possible to ask Antigonus to come in once, using the vegetative
An Xiaotian? That way, He might know what An Xiaotian wants to warn
about," Franca said thoughtfully.

Jenna shook her head. "After An Xiaotian became a vegetable, Antigonus
can't come in even if He wants to."

"Do we need to find a way to treat An Xiaotian?" Franca mused to
herself, "If we cure him and wake him up, there's no need for Antigonus
to come in...

"But how to treat him? Medicine doesn't seem to work..."

After a pause, Franca and Jenna simultaneously thought of a possibility:
*Great Mother!*

And Lumian was now disguised as the Great Mother's Child of God.