---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2453
index: 977
section: vol6
slug: 977
title: The Best Support
---

## Chapter 977: The Best Support

After Mr. Huang left the private room to take the call, Zaratulstra
leaned towards the center of the window, as if trying to get a clearer
view of the stage and the corresponding large screen.

At the same time, Mr. Ed and other Intis Group employees responsible for
reception, as well as Zaratulstra's entourage, all heard their phones
vibrate.

They instinctively picked up their phones, unlocked the screens, and saw
a pop-up message.

This wasn't a text message or WeChat notification, nor was it an alert
for an incoming call. It seemed to be just a simple dialog box that had
taken over the screen.

The dialog box contained a brief line of text: "Please be quiet for one
minute."

As Mr. Ed, the Intis Group employees, and Zaratulstra's entourage
noticed this line of text, it jumped up one by one, directly out of the
phone screens, transforming into an invisible, colorless stream of
information carrying mystical power that entered the heads of the
corresponding people.

Except for Mr. Huang, who was making a phone call outside the private
room, and Zaratulstra, who was looking at the stage below, everyone
present suddenly became dazed, their eyes vacant, their bodies frozen in
their previous positions.

They had truly become quiet.

Zaratulstra sensed something amiss and turned his gaze back to the
people in the private room.

As he did so, out of the corner of his eye, he noticed his own
reflection faintly appearing in the already open window.

His heart skipped a beat, and he instinctively pulled back his body,
preventing the window from reflecting him anymore.

At this moment, behind the corresponding glass mirror surface, Lumian,
in his Demoness of Despair form with disheveled black hair and wearing a
dark T-shirt, quietly watched as Zaratulstra's ethereal figure appeared
on the mirror and quickly moved towards the edge.

The normally invisible Spirit Body Threads on his body, upon touching
the hard mirror surface, no longer extended as usual, but were drawn
upwards by some force, disappearing into the deep, dark sky above.

This was Distortion's alteration of the Spirit Body Threads extension
direction. This way, Zaratulstra wouldn't be able to detect in advance
if someone was spying or lying in ambush behind the mirror by observing
Spirit Body Threads.

The effect of Distortion came from the edge of the area behind the
mirror, near the ghostly tunnel resembling a spider web, from a crown
inlaid with numerous dark gems.

The crown floated silently in midair, with a tall, beautiful woman
standing behind it.

This woman had tied her slightly curly chestnut hair into a bun, had
straight eyebrows, blue eyes, and was wearing a white short-sleeved
T-shirt and light-colored trousers. She was none other than Miss Bernie
Huang.

She held a phone in her hand, talking to Huang Tao.

Logically, there shouldn't be any signal in the mirror world, but Bernie
Huang's words, after going through the phone, directly transformed into
an invisible stream of information, drilling out of this place. The
replies from Huang Tao were similarly affected by Beyonder powers,
entering as pure information streams and being converted into sound by
the phone.

Lumian glanced at Miss Huang, recalling what she had said before the
operation: *"I can provide help for you, but I can't directly
participate in the battle.*

*"I've already been kicked out of this dream twice and am under certain
restrictions. If Zaratulstra sees me as his enemy, I might be kicked out
of the dream for the third time, and the problem with my father hasn't
been resolved yet...*

*"I'll create opportunities for you, but killing Zaratulstra or kicking
him out of the dream can only be done by yourselves...*

*"This item can't be lent to you, otherwise, before Zaratulstra dies,
you'll die first..."*

Lumian hesitated no longer and, looking at Zaratulstra's Mirror
Projection that hadn't yet disappeared, raised his left hand.

On his wrist was a silver bracelet that lit up with a silver-white and
black glow.

Circle Inhabitant!

Lumian seized the opportunity and used Circle Inhabitant on
Zaratulstra's fading Mirror Projection!

Of course, this was also suppressed to the Sequence 7 level, unable to
make the corresponding fate repeat, and could only be triggered twice at
most.

The current implementation of Circle Inhabitant was to make similar
scenes appear again in a short time through disturbances in fate.

In the private room, after Zaratulstra pulled back his body, preventing
the glass window from reflecting him again, he suddenly felt a gust of
wind blowing from the entrance of the hot pot restaurant.

Before he could check the status of the others at the table, he found
the window being blown, moving towards closing.

This once again cast his reflection onto the corresponding glass.

In Zaratul's deep blue, almost pure black eyes, a dim light flashed,
already sensing the presence of anomalies, not just simple vigilance.

He raised his right hand, using a Miracle Invoker's ability to influence
the future.

He reduced the probability of his Mirror Projection being utilized by
others!

In the mirror world, Lumian held an ice crystal thin sword wrapped in
terrifying black flames in one hand, while touching the river of fate of
Zaratulstra's Mirror Projection with the other, trying to magnify the
fate tributary of his successful attack.

The two forces collided, with Zaratulstra's prevailing slightly, causing
that fate tributary not only to fail to magnify but to shrink by
one-tenth.

However, for Lumian, this was enough.

His use of the Magnified Fate ability wasn't to increase the probability
of the curse succeeding, but to counteract the Miracle Invoker's
interference with fate.

Being so close to Zaratulstra's Mirror Projection, as long as there was
no interference from the Miracle Invoker, or as long as the Miracle
Invoker's interference wasn't strong enough, his chances of achieving
his goal were quite high.

Lumian's ice crystal thin sword darted out, striking the reappearing
Mirror Projection of Zaratulstra.

The Fire of Destruction wrapped around the ice crystal thin sword
instantly poured into that projection, igniting it from the inside out,
placing it in pure, mad destruction.

This was a curse, a curse aimed at Zaratulstra!

The mystical principle behind many of a Demoness's curses was to utilize
Mirror Projections, which was also a kind of Mirror Person, a temporary,
short-lived Mirror Person with a very strong mystical connection to the
original person!

When Lumian's Fire of Destruction ignited Zaratulstra's Mirror
Projection, in the private room, Zaratulstra's eyes, nose, ears, mouth,
skin pores, and other places erupted with violent black flames.

In an instant, this old man became a black torch, his body quickly
thinning and shrinking, burning to ashes.

Paper Figurine Substitutes!

For an Angel like Zaratulstra, Paper Figurine Substitutes could long be
used to transfer curses, but to escape a curse completed by a Demoness
through a Mirror Projection, the main body still needed to hide in the
fog of history in time.

After interfering with the development of fate using his Miracle Invoker
ability, Zaratulstra didn't think the first wave of attacks would end
there. He quickly used Paper Figurine Substitute, while he cautiously
entered the fog of history, hiding in a crevice.

The scene of him burning into a paper figurine didn't attract the
attention of those at the table.

Those people were still in a quiet state.

In the mirror world.

Near the illusory dark tunnel, Bernadette held a phone in one hand,
while with the other, she made several dark gems on the crown in front
of her light up with strange radiance.

Distortion!

She used Distortion again, swapping the spatial positions of
Zaratulstra's main body plus Paper Figurine Substitute and his Mirror
Projection.

Thus, Zaratulstra, who had hidden in the fog of history, and the Paper
Figurine Substitute that had been burned to ashes, came to the mirror
world.

This place was also connected to the spirit world, this place also had
the fog of history.

Meanwhile, Zaratulstra's Mirror Projection sat by the hot pot table,
quickly disappearing into nothingness amidst the madly growing black
flames.

It vanished into the void along with these Flames of Destruction.

After completing this, Bernadette quickly put away the crown inlaid with
dark gems, stepped back twice, and disappeared into the illusory,
complex tunnel resembling a spider web.

Throughout this process, she maintained her call with Mr. Huang.

Lumian showed no emotional fluctuation at Bernadette's departure.
According to their agreement, this princess was mainly responsible for
three things:

First, to draw away Mr. Huang, who was suspected to be influenced by the
mirrored Roselle;

Second, to use the Mystery Pryer pathway's control over the information
world to "push" a message to the others in the private room that would
make them "quiet", with the subsequent cleanup and erasure of traces to
be done by the Information Shredder---Lumian still remembered that when
Miss Huang saw the Information Shredder, her expression noticeably
became more complex, as if seeing a natural enemy being artificially
created;

Third, to help Lumian and the others hide their Spirit Body Threads,
preventing Zaratulstra from discovering them in advance. If Lumian
failed to assassinate successfully in the initial stage, she would help
bring Zaratulstra into the mirror world, allowing them to change from
assassination to forced killing, with the possibility of one more
indirect assistance later depending on the situation.

This way, Lumian and the others wouldn't have to worry about their
battle with Zaratulstra attracting the official forces of the dream
city, being interrupted by them, or even hunted down.

Moreover, Zaratulstra would be separated from his marionettes.

Even if Zaratulstra could manipulate the Spirit Body Threads through the
mirror, those marionettes, if they didn't possess the power to come to
the mirror world, wouldn't be able to participate in this battle.

Cutting off the marionettes was the first step in dealing with
high-level beings of the Seer pathway.

As the Paper Figurine Substitute was completely burned, Zaratulstra, at
Sequence 7 and unable to stay in the fog of history for too long,
returned to reality.

He saw that he was in the void dark area behind the mirror, and near the
mirror surface stood a figure whose charm couldn't be concealed even by
darkness.

Lumian smiled, making this area seem as if it was illuminated by clear
moonlight.

Charm!

Zaratulstra's consciousness was momentarily stunned, all Worms of Spirit
seemingly marveling at that heart-piercing beauty.

Almost simultaneously, the invisible spider silk that had long been
spread throughout this place entangled him.

Lumian then drew the Sword of Courage and, from a distance of over ten
meters, slashed towards Zaratulstra.

That iron-black straight sword created a highly compressed fire serpent,
falling towards the old man dressed in a black formal suit from a
distance.

At the edge of the area behind the mirror, Jenna emerged from her
Invisible state, used the mirror in her hand to reflect Zaratulstra's
figure, and smeared her other hand, covered in Demoness black flames,
onto it.