---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2463
index: 987
section: vol6
slug: 987
title: Calamity
---

## Chapter 987: Calamity

*What has Li Keji done again?* Franca took a light breath.

She reflexively wanted to check and confirm, hoping to prevent more
dangerous things from happening in time, but as soon as she moved her
body, she remembered she was still sick and didn't have the ability.

*Jenna can't go either; she still has to watch Lumina and not let her
run around... Anthony has another task... We certainly can't let Lumina
go, the outcome would either be Lumina covered in mushrooms all over her
body, or Li Keji getting pregnant...* After thinking it through,
Franca decided to wait a bit, wait until Lumian returned to the dream
city, and go himself.

*Li Keji is an ally, no need to worry too much... Li Keji is an ally, no
need to worry too much...* Franca kept repeating these words to
herself.

She planned to forward this news to Lumian, so he would know what
happened as soon as he returned to the dream city.

Just as Franca was about to select the option, she suddenly froze.

*Shit, I almost slipped up...*

*Isn't the current Lumian actually Lumina?*

*Being sick really messes with your head...*

*Good thing I realized in time...*

___

Inside the Tianyue Hotel, in the room next to Zaratulstra's.

The two bodyguards who had originally been following Zaratulstra
appeared here, with an elderly man with white hair but a youthful face
standing in front of them.

This elderly man wore white training clothes and had his hands behind
his back. He paced back and forth near the wall and said, "Still no
clues about the killer?"

"No, we can only be certain that a Demoness was definitely involved,"
one of the bodyguards answered.

The elderly man in white training clothes pondered for a moment and
said, "Zhou Mingrui couldn't have appeared at the Shujin Hot Pot
Restaurant for no reason; such a coincidence is unlikely.

"Investigate who invited him there, or rather, who induced him to invite
people to eat there.

"Luo Shan and Luo Fu, who ate hot pot with him, are key subjects for
investigation."

"Yes, Mr. Cui," the two bodyguards responded in unison.

The elderly man referred to as "Mr. Cui" considered for a few seconds
and then said, "Be careful when investigating Luo Shan. Previous
feedback indicates that Luo Shan belongs to an otherworldly evil god and
is a potential collaborator with considerable strength."

The two bodyguards acknowledged and left the room.

After pacing for quite a while, Mr. Cui brought his own bodyguard and
silently opened the door to leave.

He deliberately didn't tell the two previous bodyguards that he would
also investigate Luo Shan, that he would secretly follow them. If they
stepped into a trap or encountered an accident, he would be able to
glimpse the truth, catching any adversaries by surprise.

Out of the room, Mr. Cui walked unhurriedly along the thickly carpeted
corridor towards the elevator area.

In one of the ventilation openings on the ceiling of the corridor, a
pair of eyes was quietly observing him.

Those eyes were deep brown, completely blending into the darkness.

They belonged to Zhou Mingrui.

Zhou Mingrui had somehow sneaked into the ceiling of the corridor at an
unknown time, observing every move of Zaratulstra's bodyguards and
followers, and observing Mr. Cui's situation.

This was because, when he got up this morning and opened the door to get
some good breakfast, he found a letter stuffed in the door crack, with a
printed paper pasted on the envelope surface that read "For Zhou
Mingrui".

At that time, Zhou Mingrui perplexedly opened this letter and found a
photo inside, a secretly taken photo of "Mr. Cui".

On the back of the photo was also paper and text: "This is Zaratulstra's
assistant. He will inherit Zaratulstra's will and do some things
targeting you."

After reading the content on the back of the photo, Zhou Mingrui's
spirit immediately tensed.

He believed this was a reminder from the group that shot Zaratulstra
last night. He even suspected that Luo Shan inviting him to eat at the
Shujin Hot Pot Restaurant was to let him witness Zaratulstra's death.

*What exactly does Zaratulstra's group want to do to me? And what does
the group that killed him want to do?* Zhou Mingrui couldn't
figure out the answer and finally decided to come and secretly observe
the target person to see if he could discover any clues.

He thus confirmed that Mr. Cui, who lived next door to Zaratulstra and
had no apparent connection to Zaratulstra's negotiation team on the
surface, was indeed part of Zaratulstra's group.

He is indeed suspicious, Zhou Mingrui nodded slightly in the darkness
within the ceiling.

At the same time, he also noticed some other oddities.

He originally thought he would be inexperienced and clumsy at crawling
through ventilation ducts, climbing ceilings, and secretly monitoring,
making many mistakes, but in actual operation, he had a strange sense of
familiarity and very smoothly accomplished his intended purpose.

This relied on more than just the power of an Assassin.

*Yesterday too, when I saw Zaratulstra being shot, I wasn't nervous at
all, nor panicked, very calm... Is this the psychological quality of a
qualified Assassin, or is there another reason?* Zhou Mingrui
fell into deep thought.

He vaguely suspected that it wasn't just this world that he didn't
understand enough, but also himself.

Mr. Cui, accompanied by his bodyguard, took the elevator to the first
floor.

Just as he had taken a few steps towards the revolving door, he suddenly
raised both hands to cover his neck.

He felt the rapid arrival of marionettization, and also felt the
rejection of the dream.

His breathing became difficult, as if his whole being had been thrown
into a void without any objects.

*How could this be?* Mr. Cui's pupils dilated, not daring to
force himself to stay, and voluntarily exited the dream.

*Thud!*

His bodyguard suddenly collapsed and died on the spot.

A small insect flying nearby also fell to the ground with a splat,
motionless.

In the temporary parking lot at the entrance of the Tianyue Hotel,
Anthony, sitting in the driver's seat with Ludwig, calmly watched this
scene.

The other Seer pathway demigod mentioned by the magic mirror Arrodes had
also been kicked out of the dream!

And once the other party lost control of their marionette, the latter
was essentially dead.

Lumian and the others, with information provided by the magic mirror
Arrodes, hadn't ignored the Seer pathway demigod living next door to
Zaratulstra who had helped Zaratulstra discover intruders before. But
they all understood that before dealing with Zaratulstra, it wasn't
appropriate to act against Mr. Cui, as that would alert them. So, they
only secretly photographed Mr. Cui, and after the hot pot restaurant
operation was over, Anthony, the only one who could still do things
normally, stuffed the pre-prepared envelope into the door crack of Zhou
Mingrui's home early the next morning.

With Lumian kicked out of the dream, Franca seriously ill, and Jenna
needing to look after two people, Anthony obviously couldn't deal with
Mr. Cui on his own, so he could only "get" Zhou Mingrui's help.

Anthony watched the hotel staff hurriedly coming to check on the
collapsed bodyguard and the bewildered Mr. Cui, not getting out of the
car, taking the opportunity to eliminate the latter's dream
manifestation.

It wasn't that he didn't want to, but after his observation, he found
that there were police personnel discreetly deployed near Mr. Cui. If he
were to act, even with Psychological Invisibility, he wouldn't be able
to escape.

That would mean he was confronting the main consciousness of the dream,
and the consequences could be more severe than being kicked out of the
dream!

Anthony waited patiently, never finding an opportunity, so he decided to
act after Lumian returned to the dream city.

When it came to covert killing, Lumian was more skilled than him, Jenna,
and Franca!

Anthony chose to go back to rest last night and stuff another letter the
next day, rather than going directly, in order to create a time
difference.

Under the premise that the corresponding dream manifestation hasn't been
killed, the time interval for those kicked out of the dream to return
was about the same. If Anthony had reminded Zhou Mingrui last night,
then Mr. Cui's return to the dream city and regaining control of his
dream manifestation wouldn't be much later than Lumian's, at most a few
hours later, and in those few hours, Lumian might not find an
opportunity to make his dream manifestation die unknowingly.

Now, after Lumian returned around seven or eight in the evening, he
would have nearly a day to plot the murder of Mr. Cui's dream
manifestation.

___

In Room 2303 of Dechuang Garden.

Just past 7 pm in the evening, Franca and Jenna, who had been watching
Lumina constantly, saw this beautiful woman suddenly change her
appearance, becoming male.

Lumian immediately took the Lie earring, changing his facial features in
a direction not too similar to Li Ming.

Franca took the opportunity to tell him about the mushroom set meals at
Crimson Moon Hospital.

Lumian nodded. "I'll go deal with the other matter first."

As he said this, he stood up.

Franca held back her laughter and pointed at him. "Change your clothes
first, don't walk away wearing Jenna's nightgown."

Lumian looked down and discovered that Lumina had been wearing Jenna's
nightgown all along.

At 10 pm, in a white car parked by the roadside, Lumian was on his phone
as if bored, seemingly waiting for someone.

They had rented a new car, because the previous car was registered under
the name "Luo Fu", and if a car rented by Luo Fu happened to appear near
the scene of Mr. Cui's death, the suspicion on Franca would be strong
enough for an immediate arrest.

Lumian waited for a while, and through the rearview mirror, he saw Mr.
Cui walking alone, preparing to cross the intersection to return to the
Tianyue Hotel.

As Mr. Cui passed by his vehicle, Lumian's eyes suddenly took on a
silver-white color with black.

Eye of Calamity!

Before Mr. Cui had passed the rearview mirror, he had already found the
fate branch leading to the other's doom.

In the next second, Lumian hid his left hand wearing the Circle of
Binding and slightly raised his right palm.

He touched Mr. Cui's main fate trunk from afar and violently pushed it
towards the branch that appeared black.

His spirituality poured out frantically, his expression unchanged, his
movements as usual.

Mr. Cui's dream manifestation was completely unaware of this, and the
police monitoring him from hidden spots didn't notice anything unusual.

Mr. Cui continued walking for about fifteen to twenty meters, stepping
onto the pedestrian crossing.

By now it was truly night, and there weren't many people on this road,
nor many cars.

Suddenly, a car driving from afar seemed to lose control due to
excessive speed, directly running the red light.

Mr. Cui saw this scene, his pupils suddenly dilating.

*Bang!*

He was hit and sent flying, his head heavily hitting the ground.

Then, he was run over by the out-of-control car, dying as thoroughly as
possible.