---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2477
index: 994
section: vol6
slug: 994
title: Dean
---

## Chapter 994: Dean

Lumian thought of the Mushu Hospital orderly he had encountered before
and the situations he had observed during his several visits to Mushu
Hospital. He felt that those who frequently entered and exited the
underground of Mushu Hospital might truly no longer be considered human.

More than this, what concerned him more was that the underground part of
Mushu Hospital was nearly "renovated".

When that happens, what changes would occur?

What does this symbolize?

Amidst his swirling thoughts, Lumian wished he could go blow up the
underground of Mushu Hospital right now and be done with it.

Unfortunately, leaving aside whether he had the ability to break into
Mushu Hospital's underground and completely destroy it, just the fact
that the above-ground part of Mushu Hospital was still relatively
normal, with many patients and ordinary medical staff coming and going,
prevented him from acting rashly.

There was no way to blow up the underground part without affecting the
above-ground area!

That would turn into a full-blown terrorist attack, causing Lumian to be
rejected by the dream's main consciousness to the greatest extent,
likely preventing him from entering again afterward.

First think of a way to get Mushu Hospital to stop admitting patients
for a few days and transfer away the inpatients? This would be very
difficult... Lumian looked at Lu Yong'an and carefully asked, "Are there
still corpses waiting for 'rebirth' in the underground morgue?"

"Not at the moment. No one has brought corpses needing 'rebirth' over
these past couple of days," Lu Yong'an answered truthfully.

After Zaratulstra and Mr. Cui were kicked out of the dream, did the
corresponding activities stop? This shows we're doing well...
Theoretically, the Celestial Worthy should have more than just these few
subordinates, and should have found a way or medium for subordinates to
enter the dream city... Were the others kicked out before, like the
Major Arcana and the former Lucky Coin holders? That's right, there's no
reason why the Celestial Worthy would only recently have subordinates
who could enter, no reason why in the past only the Celestial Worthy
could kick people out and Mr. Fool couldn't... Lumian nodded slightly
and changed his question.

"Who is the current dean of Mushu Hospital?"

He wasn't afraid of Lu Yong'an becoming suspicious because of this
inquiry, as he had previously asked Xu Xinyang and secretly asked Grimm,
and even Grimm, a child of the Great Mother, didn't know.

"You don't know?" Lu Yong'an looked at Lumian's face in surprise.

She then turned to Grimm and asked, "You didn't tell the Child of God?"

Grimm shook his head. "I don't know either. No one ever told me."

Lu Yong'an was stunned for a moment, then showed an expression of
understanding.

"It's normal that you don't know. But it doesn't matter. The previous
dean has left, and not knowing who it is doesn't affect anything. The
new dean will arrive in a few days."

"Who is the new dean?" Grimm asked on Lumian's behalf.

Lu Yong'an shook her head. "It's not clear yet. We'll know when they
arrive. Maybe it will be a surprise."

A surprise? For us, it's probably going to be a shock... Lumian made a
sound of acknowledgment and said, "Have you been to the underground
areas other than the morgue?"

He wasn't trying to pry specific information about Mushu Hospital's
underground from Lu Yong'an, but rather intended to judge from her
answer whether Beyonders blessed by the Great Mother could infrequently
enter the non-morgue areas of the underground.

"I've been there, but can't go deep, can't go to B2." Lu Yong'an didn't
think there was anything wrong with the Child of God asking this, after
all, the underground part of Mushu Hospital didn't belong solely to the
Great Mother, other great existences also exerted influence there.

Even children of the Great Mother can't go to B2? What's there? Lumian
nodded thoughtfully and asked, "Are the Mother Tree's followers also
doing something?"

As the Child of God of the Great Mother, he had to show a bit less
respect for other existences.

"Yes, but I don't know what," Lu Yong'an took out her phone and said
with a smile, "Child of God, shall we add each other on WeChat? If I
discover any issues in other areas of the underground later, I'll tell
you immediately."

She really knows how the world works... Lumian let Lu Yong'an scan his
WeChat QR code.

Her WeChat name was just her real name.

Lumian didn't rush to look through Lu Yong'an's Moments. He casually
said, "Have you found Zedus?"

Zedus was supposedly the true name of the Abscessed Hand, and the
remnant consciousness in Omebella's remains had once shouted this name
at Lumian.

Lumian was trying to probe whether the children of the Great Mother had
heard of Zedus.

"Not yet." Lu Yong'an lowered her head, "Mother is very disappointed."

Zedus really is closely related to the Great Mother... Lumian stopped
there, not asking further.

Seeing this, Grimm respectfully asked, "Child of God, starting tomorrow
you're on the night shift rotation. If you don't want to work it, I can
find an excuse to switch you to the morning shift."

"Night shift is fine," Lumian chose not to switch.

This way, he could effectively increase his activity time during the day
and evening.

Then, he glanced at the bright moon high in the sky and said to Grimm
and Lu Yong'an, "Head back."

"Yes, Child of God!" Lu Yong'an and Grimm responded in unison.

Lumian didn't see them off, but teleported away first.

About a quarter of an hour later, his figure appeared again in this
secluded corner, and Grimm and Lu Yong'an were already gone.

Only then did Lumian take out his phone and start looking through Lu
Yong'an's Moments.

The Moments of this obstetrics dean of Mushu Hospital mostly shared
obstetrics and gynecology knowledge, instances of receiving thank-you
banners, achievements of Mushu Hospital, and updates about her own
children. There was nothing that particularly caught Lumian's eye.

Because she had set it to only show the most recent month, Lumian could
only return to the top of her Moments and look at her background
settings and personal signature.

The background was set to a blurry silhouette holding a baby, and her
personal signature was: "Be a guardian for women and children."

All very fitting for her identity and nature... Lumian put away his
phone and teleported to Li Keji's hospital room.

Li Keji wasn't surprised by this beautiful woman's return. Looking at
her, he hesitantly asked, "Do we really have to abort it?"

As the fetus grew, his maternal radiance seemed to have intensified.

Lumian chuckled. "You must have already felt the frenzied absorption of
your flesh and spirit by the child of the evil god, right?"

"Yes." Li Keji nodded honestly.

Lumian continued, "And don't you want to see what innovative qualities
might emerge from the crossbreeding of the evil god's offspring and the
mushroom?"

He was now very adept at grasping Li Keji's obsessions and weaknesses.

This was an Instigator.

Li Keji's eyes immediately lit up. "Alright, let's begin!"

Could you at least hesitate a bit to make me feel your maternal radiance
is genuine? Lumian grumbled inwardly as he walked to Li Keji's bedside,
extended his right palm, and said in a moderate tone, "It will be quite
painful. Bear with it."

"Okay." Li Keji stretched out his arm, letting it hang in the air.

The fungal filaments hanging down from the jellyfish-like mushroom
quickly floated over, wrapping around Li Keji's arm, their tips piercing
into it.

"It has some anesthetic ability," Li Keji happily explained to Lumian.

Lumian didn't speak, letting his palm ignite with quiet and sinister
black flames.

He then pressed his right palm against the surface of Li Keji's belly,
and the Demoness's black flames immediately bored into it.

Li Keji's highly protruding belly suddenly began to writhe, as if
something inside was struggling desperately.

Along with this struggle, Li Keji's face twisted slightly. Even with the
anesthesia, he was experiencing unspeakable pain.

Meanwhile, the Demoness's black flames gradually dimmed and thinned.
Even as Lumian continued to pour them in, they couldn't truly burn away
the vile thing in Li Keji's belly.

Fortunately, Lumian had never thought from the beginning that the
Demoness's black flames could achieve the goal, because one of his
objectives was something that the Demoness's black flames, which only
burned spirit and life, couldn't accomplish.

He used the Demoness's black flames first mainly to probe.

Suddenly, the quiet black flames in Lumian's palm became agitated, as if
madness, violence, and destruction were being generated!

Flames of Destruction!

As the Flames of Destruction poured in, the clothes on Li Keji's belly
abruptly burst into flames, as did his skin and flesh.

The fetus in his belly pushed upwards, as if trying to escape the
burning of the Flames of Destruction, but currently unable to break free
from the constraints of the mother's body, it ultimately collapsed back
down.

Almost simultaneously, Lumian heard illusory sounds of weeping and
screaming. He felt as if a vast green wilderness had appeared around
him, where every flower and blade of grass first grew vigorously, full
of life, and then was engulfed by sweeping black flames.

"Ah!"

Li Keji also screamed in agony, the pain of having his abdomen burned
through was more than most people could endure.

However, Lumian had already used the Bottle of Fiction to seal off this
hospital room, allowing only faint traces of Li Keji's voice to seep
out.

This wasn't something worth paying attention to in the psychiatric ward.

Finally, the fetus in Li Keji's belly was burned to ashes, and these
ashes, affected by the convection winds from the high temperature of the
flames, swirled up into the air, flying towards the ceiling and
scattering around.

"Completely eliminated." Lumian stepped back, preparing to take out a
healing agent for Li Keji to drink.

Li Keji glanced at his charred abdomen and said with extreme
disappointment, enduring the pain, "It's all burned away? There's
nothing left?"

"I initially only wanted to burn its life and spirit, leaving the
corpse, but as you saw, that didn't work," Lumian explained sincerely.

"Ah..." Li Keji waved his hand, directing the filaments of the
jellyfish-like mushroom to move to his abdomen, absorbing the charred
parts and promoting flesh regeneration.

Looks like I don't need to provide treatment... Lumian gave a deep look
at the jellyfish-like mushroom that had descended.

After Li Keji's wound had healed and the pain had subsided, Lumian
nodded slightly and said,

"Rest more these couple of days, then please speed up the pace of your
research. My vegetative friend might not be able to wait too long."

"I can start again tomorrow!" Li Keji's enthusiasm for experimentation
reignited.

"Thank you." Lumian politely left the room.

Returning to the rented apartment in Xinhong District, he lay down on
the bed and fell into a deep sleep.

In his hazy state, he heard crying.

The crying voice was calling "Mommy" "Mommy", filled with intense pain,
unwillingness, and resentment.