---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2478
index: 995
section: vol6
slug: 995
title: Dream?
---

## Chapter 995: Dream?

"Mommy..."

"Mommy..."

Lumian heard crying calls coming from the surrounding darkness, shrill
and pitiful, as if clawing at his heart and soul.

Suddenly, black flames that suppressed madness and destruction ignited
on Lumian's body.

These flames spread to the surroundings, burning away the darkness and
everything hidden within it.

The crying calls abruptly became piercing, then quickly dissipated.

Lumian let out a cold laugh.

"If you had called me 'Daddy', I might have felt a bit reluctant and
affectionate, but 'Mommy'? Who are you trying to fool?"

Just as he finished muttering this to himself, the surrounding darkness
shattered inch by inch.

Lumian then awoke, opening his eyes to see the ceiling with its hanging
chandelier, hidden in the deep night.

Was I just dreaming?

The fetus in Li Keji's belly died at the hands of its 'mother', its
resentment unresolved, it latched onto me, and I thoroughly burned it
away?

Your 'mother' is Omebella, what does that have to do with me, Lumian?

Lumian grumbled a few words, reached for his phone, selected "Intis
Group Grimm", and used voice input to say: "I heard the cries of my
child, who encountered a disaster leading to death.

"Someone must have helped Li Keji abort."

After sending this WeChat message, Lumian copied the content and sent it
to Lu Yong'an as well.

Within ten to twenty seconds, Lu Yong'an replied: "Should we go to
Crimson Moon Hospital now?"

Lumian brought the phone to his mouth, shook his head and said, "It's
too late, the matter is already over.

"Rushing over now could very likely lead us into a trap set by the
enemy.

"Since the matter can't be undone, let's wait until tomorrow, or the day
after, until we're sure there's no ambush around Li Keji, then go
investigate the situation, find the culprit, and think of ways to remedy
this."

"Wise of you, Child of God." Lu Yong'an replied in a formal tone.

At this time, Grimm also responded, expressing the same meaning as Lu
Yong'an. Lumian chose to copy and paste what he had said.

After reassuring Grimm, Lumian was about to go back to sleep when he
suddenly saw a new message from Lu Yong'an: "Child of God, I just saw
someone standing outside the hospital from my window."

"Who?" Lumian understood that the reason Lu Yong'an mentioned this must
be because she recognized the person, or they were very important.

After a few seconds, Lu Yong'an replied: "It's Zhou Mingrui."

Zhou Mingrui? Such a strong initiative, only learning about the Oracle's
corpse appearing in Mushu Hospital's underground morgue during the day,
and wanting to sneak in to investigate at night? Isn't this too rash? Or
is it just a preliminary observation? Lumian became fully alert, all
traces of sleepiness gone.

He brought the phone to his mouth again and used voice input to say:
"Don't worry about it for now, notify me when Zhou Mingrui enters the
hospital."

___

Outside Mushu Hospital, Zhou Mingrui, still wearing a sky-blue T-shirt,
pretended to make a phone call while casually surveying his
surroundings, focusing on the emergency center.

After learning about Da Nizi's death and confirming the relevant details
through public reports, Zhou Mingrui felt that Mushu Hospital seemed to
have significant issues, especially the underground morgue.

So, when night fell deeper, he took a taxi here, planning to pretend to
seek emergency treatment while actually taking a tour of Mushu Hospital
to see if he could discover anything.

He hadn't planned to investigate the underground morgue today; he didn't
want to take potentially significant risks before gathering sufficient
information.

While saying words like "okay," "no problem," "alright," "can do," and
"that's it," Zhou Mingrui's gaze swept across the emergency center,
across the patients and family members coming and going, but he couldn't
see anything unusual.

This wasn't actually his first time at Mushu Hospital. He had come for
treatment twice before, as it was one of the closest hospitals to Intis
Group and his residence. It had only been open for a few years, so
whether for emergency or outpatient services, there weren't many people,
no need to queue for long, and no worries about not being able to make
appointments online.

The district-level hospital closer to his residence, he felt, wasn't
very reliable, while the other well-established hospitals were always
overcrowded.

The only difference from last time is that Mushu Hospital's reputation
is growing, and more people are coming for treatment... It's a good
thing I recovered midway from having some health issues after listening
to heavy metal and was thinking of coming here for treatment because
there weren't many people... Zhou Mingrui recalled his experience of
seeking emergency treatment half a year ago, as well as the incident a
few weeks ago when he took sick leave to come to Mushu Hospital, but his
illness got better before he even reached his destination.

Thinking of this, he suddenly had a realization.

That sick leave made me miss the formal meeting with Zaratulstra...

And I didn't actually enter Mushu Hospital...

My hearing that song 'Advance' wasn't a coincidence, the melody and
sound of that song were mixed with mystical powers?

Does this mean that Zaratulstra and Mushu Hospital really have issues?

But when I came half a year ago, nothing happened, I didn't notice
anything unusual...

Are the problems at Mushu Hospital gradually worsening?

As Zhou Mingrui muttered to himself, his gaze moved up from the
emergency center to the entire building.

Suddenly, he heard his own heartbeat.

Thump!

Thump!

Zhou Mingrui inexplicably felt fear, making his heart feel as if it had
been violently squeezed by an invisible hand, uncontrollably speeding up
its beating.

Thump!

Thump!

He felt as if something he feared and dreaded most was hidden in that
building, as if it were the source of his fear.

There really is a problem... Zhou Mingrui's pupils rapidly dilated.

Half a year ago, he had also come for emergency treatment at night, and
had also looked at Mushu Hospital's main building, but at that time he
didn't have any feeling that terrifying things were hiding inside.

Zhou Mingrui steadied himself, closed his eyes, and regulated his
breathing.

When his heartbeat calmed down, he looked at the Mushu Hospital building
again.

Thump!

Thump!

He once again experienced a sudden burst of fear, instinctively
believing that deep inside Mushu Hospital were things he didn't want to
face and was afraid to encounter.

Zhou Mingrui subconsciously wanted to turn and leave, but ultimately
endured.

Just do a preliminary observation, just do a preliminary observation...

Avoiding won't solve the problem, avoiding won't solve the problem...

As he muttered to himself, Zhou Mingrui's right palm, not holding the
phone, naturally hung down, clenching and unclenching, unclenching and
clenching.

After about ten seconds, he hung up the phone, took a step forward, and
walked towards the entrance of the emergency center.

___

In Room 2303 of Dechuang Garden.

After Franca and Jenna fell asleep, they quickly gained lucidity.

This was something that inevitably happened when Beyonders entered Luo
Shan's Shaman world, and neither of them was surprised.

But in the next second, what met their eyes was not the frozen storm,
wandering Astral Projections, and semi-transparent barriers, but a dimly
lit corridor.

The walls of the corridor were painted white, giving off a slight green
tinge under the dim light.

"Where is this?" Franca blurted out in astonishment.

Where has Luo Shan's Shaman world gone?

Amidst her surprise, Jenna thought of a possibility. "Could something
have happened to Luo Shan? Because of confirming that Huang Jiajia and
others were more fake?"

That would make Luo Shan further face the fact that this was a dream.

"But didn't Anthony say that Luo Shan's emotions had stabilized to some
extent?

"Did she experience some shock after going home?" Franca responded with
confusion.

"Anyway, let's find Luo Shan first. This might be the Shaman world after
some change." Jenna looked around and concentrated on listening.

Faced with a situation different from usual, Franca instinctively put
her hand into her Traveler's Bag, preparing to take out her Beyonder
items.

Suddenly, she paused. "No, that's not right!"

Seeing Jenna turn her gaze towards her, Franca said with a serious
expression,

"The Traveler's Bag is still here, and the items inside are still
there."

Jenna's gaze instantly froze, understanding what Franca meant: Only
Astral ProjectionS could enter Luo Shan's Shaman world to fight
monsters, and Astral Projections obviously wouldn't carry a Traveler's
Bag and corresponding items. Even if they did, it would only be
something conjured by the dream, with no actual ability!

"This isn't Luo Shan's Shaman world? What exactly have we encountered?"
Jenna furrowed her brow.

She tried to leave this place through Cogitation, to make her Astral
Projection return to her body.

But this had no effect.

"We're not Astral Projections on an excursion, entering Luo Shan's dream
or Shaman world. We've been directly transferred to this place," Franca
gave her conclusion, "How is this possible? I didn't feel anything at
all..."

Just as she finished speaking, she suddenly heard Luo Shan's voice
coming from a room ahead.

"No, no, I refuse!"

A few seconds later, the door of that room was pulled open, and Luo
Shan, wearing pajamas, rushed out.

Luo Shan saw Franca and Jenna, stopped in her tracks, and asked in
surprise, "You're here too?"

Franca and Jenna first lowered their heads, examining their own clothes,
finding that they were both wearing nightgowns, then Franca addressed
Luo Shan, "Where is this? Why shouldn't we be here?"

"This is my dream... Did I dream about you?" Luo Shan looked bewildered
and confused.

Franca and Jenna exchanged a glance, then carefully asked, "What did you
dream about?"

"I dreamed that someone was whispering strange words in my ear, and I
dreamed of many fragmented scenes. There was a pregnant woman with a big
belly, it seemed like the flesh on her face and one eyeball had been
clawed off, with head-like lumps growing on both sides of her shoulders.
There was also a man whose heart had been dug out, and the cries of
infants...

"Finally, I dreamed of this corridor, dreamed that I was in a room, and
a voice told me..." Luo Shan suddenly stopped as she recalled her dream.

"Told you what?" Jenna pressed.

Luo Shan hesitated for a few seconds before saying, "It said, said it
could help me masquerade as the genuine article, replace the me outside,
so that even if the dream shatters, I could live on truly...

"I-I couldn't accept that, how could I, how could I harm an innocent
person?"

Hearing Luo Shan's words, Franca and Jenna's pupils dilated
simultaneously.

The former swallowed hard and asked, "Do you remember the strange words
at the beginning of the dream?"

Luo Shan tried her best to recall. "It seemed, seemed to be 'Truth can
become false, falsehood can become true. The Celestial Worthy of Heaven
and Earth for Blessings...'"

At this moment, Jenna and Franca both seemed to turn into statues.

Franca suddenly "woke up" and said in a deep voice, "Quickly, let's
confirm where this place is!"

"Isn't this my dream..." Luo Shan said softly.

"Are you usually this lucid in your dreams?" Jenna asked rhetorically
while looking for identifiable signs.

"That's true..." As Luo Shan muttered in confusion, Franca and Jenna
simultaneously discovered a bulletin board on the wall ahead.

The two strode forward, rushing over, and with the help of the dim
light, they immediately saw large characters in a certain part of the
bulletin board: "Mushu Hospital."