---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2486
index: 1003
section: vol6
slug: 1003
title: Incantation
---

## Chapter 1003: Incantation

The bottomless darkness seemed to be pulled by some force from deep
within, or forcefully pressed down by an invisible giant hand, causing
it to suddenly collapse and form a frantic vortex several meters wide.

This vortex kept spinning towards the end of the darkness, getting
deeper and deeper, like an ancient well.

At the same time, all the mirrors on Lumian's body shattered with a
series of cracking sounds, and the metal elevator doors were suddenly
covered with a grayish-white layer, as if they had been abraded by sand.

Immediately after, Lumian took a step forward and jumped into the
vortex.

With the appearance of the vortex, he vaguely sensed his Mirror
Substitution left with Franca.

At the same time, he knew that the vortex was created by the gaze and
power he had drawn through the secret deed ritual, and that it would
lead to his intended destination. He knew that if he kept falling in the
vortex, he would likely reach where Franca was trapped.

He didn't let his body float down slowly like a feather, but maintained
a free-fall posture, gaining speed. Wind howled in his ears, and his
eyes saw only the deep darkness that had become steep cliffs.

___

*Crack! Crack! Crack!*

The glass windows on every floor of Mushu Hospital shattered
explosively, and all mirror-like objects were either covered in
scratches or turned to stone-like substances.

In the emergency center, all the glass that had shown mirror-like
reflections due to the night broke with a crack, including several pairs
of dark-colored glasses.

Zhou Mingrui and Luo Shan were startled too, feeling as if a huge
explosion had occurred nearby.

However, they didn't hear any corresponding sound, nor did their ears
ring continuously.

In the environment where patients, nurses, and doctors had all suddenly
become panicked, Zhou Mingrui had a sudden flash of insight and said to
Luo Shan in a low voice, "The anomaly from underground?"

"Possibly, I'm not sure either..." Luo Shan didn't know much more than
Zhou Mingrui, she could only guess that Luo Fu might have done something
underground, or encountered something.

Zhou Mingrui spoke faster, continuing to ask, "Why can I rescue Luo Fu
just by standing in B2?"

Luo Shan stammered in response, "I-It was a guess...

"Be-because there's something special about you!"

*As expected...* Zhou Mingrui quickly pressed, "What's special?"

"You... I'm actually not that clear on the specific details." Luo Shan
suddenly realized that if she explained clearly, there might be
unexpected changes, so she forced the topic back on track, "I'm not sure
if you going to stand in B2 will really be effective. If nothing
changes, th-then that's all we can do. If there are changes, but not
enough for Luo Fu to escape, then maybe you'll need to do something
more. What exactly to do depends on the actual situation. At that time,
you can choose not to do it, but if you're willing, I-I will walk in
front of you!"

Zhou Mingrui looked at Luo Shan deeply, and after a few seconds of
silence, said, "Okay."

*Eh...* Luo Shan, who had planned to continue pleading, was
stunned.

"Let's go now," Zhou Mingrui ran towards the corridor leading to the
nearest elevator, "Nothing is more important than saving a life!"

Luo Shan hurriedly followed, easily taking the lead in front of Zhou
Mingrui.

Their actions were not at all conspicuous in the emergency center where
the chaotic state had not yet completely subsided.

Seeing this, Jenna, hiding in the shadows, quietly let out a sigh of
relief.

After Zhou Mingrui and Luo Shan had run a distance, she walked out of
the shadows, preparing to conceal herself and follow behind, ready to
deal with any unexpected situations.

At this moment, she felt a suffocating pain, as if the blood in her body
wanted to burst through her skin and splash out.

It was like a deep-sea fish being directly "teleported" into mid-air.

Moreover, Jenna also felt her thoughts stalling and her joints
stiffening.

*About to be kicked out... of the dream?*

*Even if it's... through Luo Shan... at night... indirectly... informing
Zhou Mingrui... of Beyonder matters... it will... lead to... oneself...
being kicked?*

Jenna wanted to hold on a bit longer, to see if Zhou Mingrui going to
the underground area would bring about good changes, but she was
powerless to resist. She had no choice but to leave this world,
following the force that was kicking her out of the dream.

___

Trier, inside a luxurious villa.

Standing by Franca's bed, facing the door of starlight and the
grayish-white fog, Madam Justice frowned.

"I can't sense Two of Cups, I can't establish contact with her.

"I was clearly using her body as a medium..."

Madam Magician thought for two seconds and said, "In the dream city,
apart from what we haven't explored and don't know about yet, there are
only three places where such a situation would occur, where the
connection between soul, consciousness, and body would be severed.

"One is inside the police station, two is Yangdu Prison, and three is
the underground area of Mushu Hospital."

"If she were arrested or imprisoned, Two of Cups wouldn't be this
desperate," Madam Judgment made a judgment, "She must have entered the
underground area of Mushu Hospital, for unknown reasons."

While Madam Magician and Madam Judgment were thinking and talking, Madam
Justice continued to try.

Suddenly, they all turned their heads towards the room where Lumian was
sleeping.

At this moment, they felt the ground trembling inexplicably, as if a
volcano was erupting deep underground.

This caused all the mirrors and glass windows in the entire villa to
make trembling sounds, almost shattering.

After just a few seconds, Madam Justice's emerald-like eyes suddenly lit
up.

"I've sensed Two of Cups!" She said while once again sketching
transparent symbols in the air that were like dreams and illusions.

As soon as the symbol was completed, it passed through the brilliant
starlight door like a butterfly from a dream, diving into the
grayish-white fog.

After doing this, Madam Justice said to Madam Judgment and Madam
Magician, "Seven of Cups has been kicked out of the dream, we can have
her come over to tell us the specific situation."

___

In the grayish-white fog where a brilliant door of light and an illusory
planet stood tall, echoing with words like "Chernobyl".

Franca gazed at everything before her, her whole being seemingly numb,
only her vision becoming increasingly blurred, unable to clear up no
matter what.

At this moment, she heard a voice so distant it seemed to come from the
edge of the sky, belonging to Madam Justice. "Shout 'Leodero' in ancient
Hermes."

Franca suddenly awoke, as if she had just had a long nightmare that she
dared not and was unwilling to recall.

Her mouth trembled, not making a sound, as if she wanted to sleep here
forever.

After several seconds, Franca finally called out in a low voice,
"Leodero!"

Her voice was already hoarse.

___

Above that grayish-white fog, Lumian's feet stepped on the surface of
the thin gas like clouds, but he couldn't penetrate through to enter
inside.

He felt that this fog was highly similar to the fog that sealed off the
Samaritan Women's Spring, and believed that if he still had Mr. Fool's
seal on him, he would definitely be able to fall directly inside, rather
than being blocked outside.

After trying two methods and failing, Lumian turned his gaze to his
right palm.

The Blood Emperor brand on his palm had undergone some changes when the
secret deed ritual was forcibly completed. Its color had become deeper
and blacker, no longer like dripping fresh blood, but closer to the dark
red of oxidized blood.

And this dark red seemed to have subtly merged with the paleness
covering this patch of skin.

Lumian wasn't yet clear on what such changes would bring, he just wanted
to use this brand and the corpse wax candle to quickly perform another
secret deed ritual.

Suddenly, in the night sky of the dream city, clouds piled up in layers.

Countless small electric snakes jumped and gathered between these
clouds, quickly forming a huge, tree-like lightning bolt.

As soon as this lightning appeared, it crossed the distance between
heaven and earth, illuminating the entire city.

It passed over numerous lightning rods, struck into Mushu Hospital, and
drilled underground.

The hair on Lumian's body stood up uncontrollably, and he instinctively
took two steps back.

Almost simultaneously, a bright light flashed before his eyes, making
him unable to see the deep darkness and grayish-white mist anymore.

The afterimage of a silver-white tree-like lightning remained in his
pupils.

When his vision recovered, Lumian found a slowly healing hole had
appeared in the grayish-white fog.

He didn't hesitate, took a step forward, and jumped in.

He passed through the outer fog and landed in front of the brilliant
light door, seeing Franca staring blankly at him, with the hair on her
skin and some of her head standing up.

Franca's eyes reflected Lumian, whose gender was constantly switching,
but the speed was slowing down, gradually fixing towards the female
form.

"Let's go!" Lumian didn't say much, grabbed Franca's arm, and directly
activated the black mark on his right shoulder.

Spirit World Traversal!

With the vortex still existing, Lumian could sense some areas of the
outside world!

The figures of the two immediately disappeared from in front of the
brilliant door of light, with the hole above getting smaller and closer
to disappearing.

Lumian, carrying Franca, traveled through the spirit world layered with
various color blocks, heading towards the predetermined safe location.

Normally, he would reach the destination in just one second, but for
some unknown reason, he now felt as if he was bound by layers of viscous
liquid and invisible shackles, moving very slowly, with a trend of
getting even slower.

Next, Lumian saw deep, dense darkness sweeping in from "behind", rushing
towards the two of them.

The vortex had disappeared.

In that darkness, there was a blurry, huge figure standing on a
lightless water surface, and an ancient mirror slowly outlining.

Lumian gritted his teeth, traveling forward with all his might.

Just as he was about to touch the "exit", and the dark abyss was about
to engulf him and Franca, everything suddenly became calm.

Lumian suddenly felt at ease, like a criminal who had escaped from
prison, instantly passing out of the spirit world and arriving in a
shadowy corner of the emergency center at Mushu Hospital.

His spiritual intuition told him that Jenna was here.

___

Mushu Hospital, B2.

Zhou Mingrui and Luo Shan, having overcome their intense fear, walked
out of the elevator together.

Almost simultaneously, Zhou Mingrui inexplicably felt relaxed, his
feelings of fear and dread dissipating completely.

He frowned in confusion and said to Luo Shan, "Where is Luo Fu trapped?"

Luo Shan looked at the dim but normal white corridor outside the
elevator lobby, falling into bewilderment and deep thought.

"Shouldn't it have already completely collapsed..." she muttered to
herself.