---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2512
index: 1029
section: vol6
slug: 1029
title: Deep Darkness
---

## Chapter 1029: Deep Darkness

As rumbling thunder sounded and the sky darkened, making the environment
extremely oppressive.

Queen Mystic, maintaining the illusion of Lumina, picked up the phone
and dialed a number.

It was the private number of Chief Yagates.

After connecting, Bernadette said directly, "I've received personal
threats. I need the best protection."

She was reporting to the police.

She immediately explained, "It may be due to my father transferring
power to me. I need protection!"

Bernadette emphasized the word "protection".

Chief Yagates was silent for a few seconds before saying, "Okay."

___

In the gloomy oppression, most people in the dream city became blurry.

But this didn't stop them from going online, using their phones,
checking information.

Just then, whether videos, books, novels, or messages, everything
suddenly collapsed into pure snow-like static.

These countless noise points rapidly spread, forming a huge information
vortex.

The online world experienced a malfunction.

___

Inside Mushu Hospital.

The blurry and distorted patients, doctors, nurses, orderlies and those
who were still clear simultaneously raised their heads, looking up
towards the ceiling.

The dark and gloomy sky suddenly split open, and pure brilliant sunlight
instantly poured down, shining directly on the main building of Mushu
Hospital, piercing every dark corner and every underground level.

In the low-hanging leaden clouds, countless silver-white electric snakes
intertwined into huge, flamboyant lightning.

Following the path carved out by the sunlight, this lightning struck the
main building of Mushu Hospital, submerging it in a dazzling and intense
ocean of thunder.

___

Inside the mirror-world-transformed Yangdu High-Speed Rail Station.

After answering the magic mirror Arrodes's question, Lumian didn't rush
to take further action. He still calmly asked as if waiting for
something, "The third question, how can we get the owner of the Star
Dream Provisions Store to provide necessary help for Franca?"

On the surface of the magic mirror, those pale words didn't change
color, but recombined into new content: "Pass Franca's Mirror
Substitution through me, through the mirror world, to Her."

Then, the magic mirror Arrodes asked in return: "Don't you have it?"

"I do." Lumian laughed, took out Franca's Mirror Substitution, and
pressed it into the glass mirror surface of the magic mirror Arrodes.

At this special moment when the dream city was shaken and character
images were blurred, the restrictions on his Beyonder powers also
lessened. He had recovered to a level almost equivalent to Sequence 4,
which was why he could use the mirror world to quickly send an item to
the Star Dream Provisions Store, which was clearly over ten kilometers
away.

After doing this, Lumian glanced twice at Zhou Mingrui, who looked grave
and was constantly moving away from those dark mirrors and mirror
selves, then gripped the magic mirror Arrodes with his left palm.

*It's time!*

He unhesitatingly activated the residual aura of the Blood Emperor in
the center of his right palm.

The brand that had turned dark red due to the fusion with an unknown
boon suddenly became prominent, seemingly showing signs of melting back
into blood.

However, that mad, violent, bloody aura didn't dissipate, being firmly
suppressed by a deathly pale force.

Of course, after Lumian's last use of the corpse wax candle, the pale
and dark red had shown extremely subtle signs of fusion. Now, at that
point of fusion, it strangely darkened, caving in slightly, showing
unusual changes.

Lumian reached his right palm into the Traveler's Bag and took out the
Card of Blasphemy he got from the mirror Emperor Roselle---the Demoness
card!

He pressed this Demoness card tightly against his palm, against the
mutated residual aura of the Blood Emperor and the Underworld Daoist's
seal, against the slight depression produced by the fusion of pale and
dark red.

Almost simultaneously, Lumian felt a bone-chilling coldness and horror
in the center of his right palm.

He didn't need to look with his eyes; an image naturally appeared in his
mind.

His palm had gained a "pinhole", a "pinhole" formed by pure darkness.

*As expected, this Demoness card should be used here... If I didn't have
it, I'd have to light the corpse wax candle, which would not only be
rushed in terms of time, requiring the ritual to be held earlier and
adding considerable risk, but the effect might not be as
good...* As these thoughts flashed through Lumian's mind, he
extended his right hand holding the Demoness card towards the magic
mirror Arrodes.

His hand penetrated the surface of this ancient silver mirror, reaching
into the area behind the mirror.

But he didn't enter himself, it was more like using the magic mirror as
a medium for "casting spells".

The next second, a scene appeared in Lumian's mind: the dark void around
the area behind the mirror seemed to be covered by an invisible curtain,
behind which pairs of eyes were watching the outside world, and nameless
things were flowing silently.

This was the area behind the mirror corresponding to the magic mirror
Arrodes, which was clearly somewhat special compared to other mirrors.

Then, Lumian "saw" that the curtain covering the dark void silently
collapsed and peeled off as his right hand entered.

The entire darkness was collapsing.

What appeared in Lumian's mind wasn't the pairs of eyes he had imagined,
nor was it a surging river, but a viscous liquid that was difficult to
describe in words, seemingly containing all colors.

These liquids seemed to form an illusory ocean. Although Lumian hadn't
truly "seen" or touched it, just sensing it made him feel that his body
and mind were beginning to fall, his spirit gradually becoming abnormal.

Then, the illusory ocean was pushed aside by an invisible force, moving
away from Lumian's "mind".

Following this path through the ocean, Lumian's consciousness quickly
went forward, "seeing" the gray stone walls, "seeing" the blood flowing
on the stone walls.

Those crimson blood formed sentences: "To test out the correct plan, He
finally decided to let the Red Priest and the Demoness from the same era
meet, guiding Them to combine together...

"This will bring about a destined accident..."

The scene froze here, and the magic mirror Arrodes in Lumian's palm
suddenly emitted an ancient, chaotic radiance.

Yangdu High-Speed Rail Station, in the arrival hall.

Zhou Mingrui had already turned and started running wildly, but no
matter where he ran, the pillars, walls, floor, and ceiling would turn
into mirrors, reflecting his figure.

And the him in the mirror always wore a cold, chilling smile.

After running for a while, Zhou Mingrui suddenly stopped, because his
head, feet, and surroundings had all become dark mirrors, all reflecting
him.

"Give up...

"Give up..."

Every Zhou Mingrui in the mirrors persuaded.

They were not only persuading, but also reaching their hands out of the
mirror surfaces, grabbing at Zhou Mingrui, leaving him nowhere to hide,
nowhere to escape.

Zhou Mingrui didn't give up. In the narrow space, he dodged left and
right, barely avoiding the first round of grasps.

At this moment, a pure darkness covered with grayish-white fog and
hiding a vast city appeared prominently in all the mirrors on the scene.

In the blink of an eye, the grayish-white fog and the vast city
collapsed towards the depths of the darkness.

That darkness "came alive", surging towards the mirror surfaces, surging
towards the mirror Zhou Mingrui behind each mirror.

The mirror Zhou Mingrui tried hard to grab Zhou Mingrui, wanting to
escape from the mirrors, but in such a short time, it was really
difficult to succeed.

Soon, the darkness surged to the area behind the mirrors, swallowing one
mirror Zhou Mingrui after another, freezing the cold, chilling smiles on
their faces.

This all-engulfing darkness irresistibly filled all the areas behind the
mirrors with an overwhelming momentum.

All the mirrored Zhou Mingruis disappeared.

The darkness continued forward, breaking through mirror after mirror,
pouring into Yangdu High-Speed Rail Station.

This high-speed rail station began to collapse, inch by inch, as if the
dream was gradually shattering, the fragments falling into the deep
darkness.

At this time, Jenna found that the dream's rejecting force and the force
of rapid marionettization had both weakened a lot. She hurriedly
approached the blurry Luo Shan, trying to take her out of the high-speed
rail station.

As for whether the damage to the dream would continue after leaving the
high-speed rail station, and what would happen to Luo Shan then, Jenna
didn't think about it for the moment, nor could she think about it.

Unfortunately, the distance between them was too far. Before Jenna could
truly get close to Luo Shan, she saw that deep darkness swallow the
corresponding area.

Luo Shan's blurry figure rapidly faded, bursting like a soap bubble.

The last scene she saw was Jian Na rushing towards her with an anxious
face.

She smiled with relief.

She opened her mouth, but couldn't say anything.

She completely disappeared.

At the same time, Jenna seemed to hear Luo Shan saying: "Remember me,
don't forget!"

Jenna stopped her steps, and before the deep darkness surged over, she
left this city with the help of the remaining dream rejecting force.

She responded to Luo Shan's words in her heart, *I will remember you
forever!*

Lumian, who was far from this deep darkness, silently sighed in relief
after seeing Jenna's expression become confused and bewildered.

Next, he watched expressionlessly as the dreamscape Jenna was dissolved
by the deep darkness, as Zhou Mingrui ran wildly in the high-speed rail
station, trying to get away from the deep darkness surging like
seawater.

The surge of that darkness gradually slowed down, as if suppressed and
weakened by the dream's main consciousness.

Finally, after swallowing more than half of the high-speed rail station,
the deep darkness stopped just tens of centimeters away from Zhou
Mingrui.

The dream city stabilized again, and even the remaining passengers and
those meeting them gradually became clear.

Zhou Mingrui ran a few more steps, confirming that the danger had really
eased.

He then saw the handsome security guard Li Ming walking out from a
corner not far away, walking towards him.

"Is this upheaval over?" Zhou Mingrui asked urgently.

Lumian had already put the magic mirror Arrodes and the Demoness card
back into the Traveler's Bag. He looked at Zhou Mingrui and calmly
answered when they were still a few meters apart, "I'd like to say that
things are over.

"But unfortunately, they aren't yet."

Zhou Mingrui was stunned for a moment, his back gradually straightening,
the corners of his mouth curling up slightly, his expression no longer
the same as before.

He chuckled softly.

"Yes, not yet."