---
category: Volume 6
discussion: 2517
index: 1034
section: vol6
slug: 1034
title: Tarot Club
---

## Chapter 1034: Tarot Club

As the dream rapidly collapsed, Lumian withdrew his gaze, leaving the
edge of that deep darkness and walking towards the disintegrating Yangdu
High-Speed Rail Station outside.

He wanted to take one last look at this city.

Suddenly, he noticed a figure leaning against the wall at the position
where the radiance converged into an exit, standing quietly.

That figure wore black armor stained with what looked like fresh blood,
with fiery red long hair. The face was young and handsome, with two
faint scars on either cheek, and a vivid red banner mark prominently
displayed between his brows.

Unlike other dream manifestations that were blurry and nearly
dissipating, this figure was not as clear as Lumian but had an illusory
quality, like a spirit.

Lumian didn't need to ask to know who this figure was: Red Angel Medici.

"Did you come to wait for me?" Lumian asked with a smile.

He was prepared to leave this place along with the collapse of the
dream.

Medici left the wall and stood up straight, letting out a sneer. "If
you're too stupid to understand the hint, I'd have been the one to
replace you on stage."

He looked into Lumian's eyes and shook His head. "Too weak, you're still
too weak right now."

After this remark, the Red Angel slightly raised His chin and said, "I
already know your experiences. I'll give you a chance---I'll come to
hunt you down after you become an Angel.

"No need to thank me. This has nothing to do with pride. The pride of
the war pathway isn't used against enemies."

Medici didn't give Lumian a chance to respond. He turned and walked into
the passage, leaving Yangdu High-Speed Rail Station and the collapsing
dream.

*You waited until the very end just to say these few words to me? You
must have also achieved some unknown goals by entering this dream,
right?* Lumian turned to the side, once again casting his gaze
towards that deep darkness.

His biggest question now was where the deity, the Primordial Demoness,
was.

The fact that Franca advanced in the basement of Mushu Hospital
indicated that the Primordial Demoness indeed had a corresponding
manifestation in the dream city. But in matters involving the special
mirror world's great horror, the original God Almighty and the Demoness
card, and the major event of the dream's end, She hadn't appeared or
intervened at all.

Before Lumian could think further, Yangdu High-Speed Rail Station
collapsed silently.

He first felt a sense of weightlessness as if falling off a cliff, then
opened his eyes and woke up.

He immediately saw some sunlight penetrating the curtains, with a large
amount of dust floating in the air.

At the same time, faint sounds of singing, praising, and conversation
came from next door, entering his ears.

Lumian lay quietly in bed, feeling the springiness of the mattress and
the soft warmth of the covers, not wanting to move at all.

___

Half an hour later, in the living room on the first floor.

Madam Magician said to Lumian, Franca, Jenna, Anthony, and Ludwig---who
was having afternoon tea---all who had gathered again,

"Mr. Fool has achieved an initial state of awakening. We will fulfill
our promise.

"You've done very well this time, deserving the most generous reward.
The result of our discussion is to do our utmost to help you advance one
Sequence."

Jenna nodded without hiding her desire. "Thank you."

Lumian, Franca, and company had no objections and were quite
anticipatory.

Madam Magician looked around and said, "Of course, this may need to wait
a few days, because Mr. Fool's initial awakening will inevitably cause
many changes that need to be dealt with promptly. The other Major Arcana
cards are already busy at present.

"Moreover, you also need some time to adjust, shake off the influence of
the dream, and regain your perception of reality."

At this point, Madam Magician looked at Lumian and asked as if to
confirm, "Do you want to become a Demoness of Unaging or a War Bishop?"

Lumian didn't hesitate. "Demoness of Unaging."

Hearing Lumian's answer, Franca suddenly remembered the Demoness card's
description of a Demoness of Unaging: Bizarrely difficult to kill,
skilled at resurrection.

*Skilled at resurrection... You really don't want to wait even one more
day, even if it's just taking the first step...* Franca sighed
inwardly.

At this moment, Lumian raised his right hand, palm facing the ceiling.

There, in addition to several dark red brands and a patch of pale skin,
there was now a pitch-black "pinhole."

He said to Madam Magician and his companions, "After using the Demoness
card this time, with the magic mirror as a medium, invoking the great
horror from the depths of the special mirror world to deal with the
Mirror Person created by the Celestial Worthy, the residual aura of the
Blood Emperor and the seal of the Underworld Daoist have changed a bit
again.

"I can now use a War Bishop's power that was previously bestowed to a
limited extent through this 'pinhole.' There's no need to advance
again."

Madam Magician nodded slightly and said, "In a few days, go to the
treasury of the Blue Avenger. There might be items related to the
Demoness of Unaging there. If not, we'll ask Mr. Azik for help and go to
the depths of the underworld again. There must be Demoness of Unaging
Beyonder characteristics there."

Lumian and Franca had no objections.

After Madam Magician left, Lumian, in his Demoness of Despair state,
leaned back against the sofa and smiled at Franca and the others. "Now
it's time to sunbathe."

Jenna was silent for a few seconds before saying, "I want, I want to go
see the real Luo Shan."

"Okay." Franca nodded heavily in agreement.

"Alright." Lumian had originally planned to go tomorrow.

___

In the evening, Loen Kingdom, Tingen City, Red Moonlight Street.

Jenna, Franca, and Lumian sat in a roadside café, watching two figures,
one big and one small, approaching from a distance.

The larger one was about thirty years old, with brown hair tied up in a
high bun, wearing a thin gauze-brimmed hat. She wore a green long dress
that was somewhat girlish but leaning towards maturity, with flowing
ruffles at the sleeves and beautiful lace adorning the neckline.

She had a pretty face, holding a paper bag of white bread in one hand
and holding the hand of a three or four-year-old girl who looked like a
little princess with the other. This was Rozanne, a civilian staff
member of the Nighthawks team of the Church of the Evernight Goddess.

Compared to the Luo Shan in the dream, she was noticeably older, and her
demeanor was more stable, but her style of dress revealed that she still
had a lively side hidden inside.

Jenna and Franca's vision immediately blurred.

Lumian, in his female state, focused intently on Rozanne and her
daughter as they passed by, chatting and laughing, becoming as still as
a statue.

After Rozanne and her daughter passed the café, the three Demonesses'
gazes shifted, following the two figures from behind.

The golden-red glow of dusk fell upon Rozanne and her daughter, and the
evening breeze carried their laughter and conversation to Jenna, Franca,
and Lumian's ears:

"Mommy, what's a hero?"

"A hero is someone who protects others."

"Why do others need protection?"

"Why protect others?"

"Why? Why?

"Mommy, why?"

___

A few days later, Monday noon.

Lumian and the others met Madam Magician again.

The Major Arcana card holder sat down in the chair opposite the tea
table and said to Lumian and Franca, "You're both demigods now and have
made great contributions. You're qualified to draw a Major Arcana card."

"Mr. Fool allowed it?" Lumian asked.

Madam Magician's entire being exuded a sense of relaxation. "Yes, but as
a team, you can only draw one Major Arcana card for now. Who will draw?"

Franca looked at Lumian, hesitated for a few seconds, and said, "You
draw."

She really wanted to see what she could draw and thought the identity of
a Tarot Club Major Arcana card was very impressive. But thinking about
having to take responsibility for a bunch of affairs as a Major Arcana
card holder from now on, often having to brainstorm, she got a headache
and decided to let Lumian take the lead first to see what it would be
like.

"Are you willing to draw?" Madam Magician asked Lumian.

Lumian thought for a moment and said, "I'll draw."

Madam Magician said seriously, "After becoming a Major Arcana card
holder, Two of Cups, Seven of Cups, and Four of Swords will all transfer
under your jurisdiction.

"A Major Arcana card symbolizes not just you personally, but also the
forces you represent."

"I understand." Lumian nodded slowly.

Only then did Madam Magician take out a deck of Tarot cards containing
only Major Arcana cards and spread them out on the tea table. "You can
draw now."

"Won't we draw a duplicate?" Franca asked curiously.

Madam Magician chuckled. "Spirituality will provide guidance."

Lumian glanced at the Tarot cards on the tea table, extended his right
hand, and casually took one, turning it over in front of him.

What met Franca and the others' eyes was a large wreath of green plants
intertwined and a woman standing inside the wreath.

The World card!

Franca and Jenna both looked at Lumian in his female state with slight
astonishment.

*He actually drew The World card?*

*Why?*

*Although Gehrman Sparrow now points to Mr. Fool, the legend of The
World hasn't disappeared yet!*

Lumian didn't speak, showing a thoughtful expression.

Madam Magician pondered for a few seconds before saying, "Draw again."

Lumian nodded in agreement.

This time, he drew two cards and placed them on his left and right.

After staring at these two Tarot cards for a while, he suddenly smiled
with his beautiful face.

"Left for male, right for female. I'll take the one on the left."

With that, he unhesitatingly turned over the Tarot card on his left.

On the card face was a king standing on a chariot, with two lions, one
black and one white, pulling the chariot.

The Chariot card!

"Not bad." Madam Magician stood up. "Welcome, The Chariot, um, Mr.
Chariot."

After Lumian responded, Franca curiously said, "Can I see what the card
on the right is?"

"You may." Madam Magician nodded to her.

Franca quickly turned it over and saw a woman wearing a crown sitting on
a chair.

The Empress card.

"As expected..." Madam Magician sighed, then turned to Lumian and said,
"Wait in your room at 3 pm today."

___

At 3 pm, in a bedroom of the luxurious villa.

Lumian, holding The Chariot card, sat in an armchair, patiently waiting.

Suddenly, chaotic and terrifying sounds rang in his ears, and a thin
grayish-white fog appeared before his eyes.

Just a second or two later, he found himself by a bronze long table,
with a vast and magnificent dome above, surrounded by tall and majestic
stone pillars.

Lumian immediately saw Madam Justice, Madam Magician, Madam Judgment,
Ma'am Hermit, and the lady from the temperance faction wearing a black
court long dress and a small soft hat of the same color, sitting
opposite him.

They all appeared blurry, but not too blurry.

Lumian also noticed that Mr. Hanged Man, Mr. Sun, Mr. Star, and Mr.
Moon---whom he hadn't met before but could deduce the identity of---were
on the same side as him.

At this time, no one was seated at the head and foot of the bronze long
table.

"This is Madam Temperance, and this is Mr. Chariot." Madam Justice
calmly introduced the obviously female Lumian as "mister."

Just then, at the huge chair at the top of the bronze long table, a
figure gradually took shape.

He was within the gray fog, his figure quite blurry, allowing Lumian and
the others to only clearly see a silk top hat and a black long coat.

Looking at this both familiar and unfamiliar figure, Madam Justice took
a breath, stood up, curtsied with a slight bent of her knees, saying,

"Good afternoon, Mr. Fool."

(End of Volume 6: Dreamweaver)