---
category: Volume 7
discussion: 2564
index: 1081
section: vol7
slug: 1081
title: Trap
---

## Chapter 1081: Trap

*The mirrored Blood Emperor?* Lumian was not unfamiliar with the
figure before him.

He did not seize the opportunity to attack, not because he did not want
to, but because he was stunned for a moment by the assault of the mad
psyche, before breaking free.

The burning heat and stinging pain in his right palm became more
pronounced, as if wanting to collaborate, to fuse the current vessel
with the version of himself in the mirror.

The mirrored Alista Tudor stood nearly 3 meters tall, gripping a
just-formed gigantic flaming sword.

The giant sword burned with a bluish-violet hue.

The blood-stained black-armored mirror Alista, with eyes filled with
madness and cruelty, looked at the bloodsoaked Lumian and said in an icy
voice, "Where is your sword?"

As soon as the words left His mouth, He took a stride forward to stand
before Lumian, raising the bluish-violet flaming sword high and bringing
it down towards his target.

Lumian finally recovered from his previous shock, and instantly drew the
iron-black Sword of Courage, blocking the strike from above!

*Clang!*

Amidst the clash of metal, streams of bluish-violet flames scattered,
and Lumian was knocked flying, his body set alight.

*Crack*. He proactively used Mirror Substitution, escaping the
flames of the mirrored Alista.

The mirrored Alista, dragging the flaming sword, evaluated
dispassionately, "Too weak!"

As He spoke, the city-sized square was already engulfed in flames, with
transparent, almost invisible spider web-like strands being revealed,
all burning violently, no longer able to restrict or affect the mirrored
Alista.

The mystical pathogens Lumian had secretly spread earlier were also
quickly dissipating in the intense heat and burning, with only the
heat-resistant ones still barely hanging on.

Facing this fiery hell, Lumian actually created a wall of crystalline,
transparent frost around himself.

Sizzling, these frost walls were immediately vaporized under the assault
of the bluish-violet flames and terrifying heat, turning into white
mist.

The white mist obscured Lumian's figure, making him disappear from the
mirrored Alista's sight.

Behind the mirrored Blood Emperor, Lumian's figure rapidly took shape,
his clear blue eyes deepening slightly, reflecting the blood-stained
black-armored figure.

He wanted to curse the opponent!

This was one of the few effective ways he currently had to harm the
other.

Just then, thick fog rose up, immediately shrouding the mirrored Alista
Tudor, preventing Lumian's spiritual perception from extending beyond
ten meters, making it difficult to lock onto the target.

True Fog of War!

Within the fog enveloping the entire fiery hell, Lumian threw out a
mirror, which transformed into his double and gained projection power.

Lumian's main body then concealed its form.

Suddenly, Alista's scornful voice sounded in Lumian's ear. "Flashy, but
useless!"

Accompanied by this remark, thunderous explosions took over the square.

Indiscriminate, large-scale explosions.

The Fog of War thinned as a result, Lumian's mirrored projection
shattered, and even his main body had to use Mirror Substitution
repeatedly to endure the aftermath of the explosions.

The entire square's ground was left in ruins, only the ornate silver
full-length mirror remaining intact.

As Lumian stabilized himself, he saw the mirrored Blood Emperor rushing
towards him with the force of a mountain, slashing down with the
bluish-violet flaming sword.

A sudden gray-white surge burst forth from Lumian, wherever it passed,
the flames were frozen and turned to stone.

As the overwhelming gray-white wave approached the mirrored Alista's
figure, this Blood Emperor with only remnants of power was set ablaze,
decomposing into streams of bluish-violet flames.

These flames flew out to the sides and upwards, avoiding Lumian's
Petrification power.

They quickly converged behind Lumian, reforming the nearly 3-meter tall
Alista Tudor, with blood-red hair.

*Crack.* With a sweeping motion of the flaming sword, Lumian's
body shattered and dissolved into mirrors once more.

This time, he used Teleportation in conjunction.

His destination was behind the silver full-length mirror.

He swung his Sword of Courage ablaze with scorching blue-tinged flames
towards the mirror.

He felt this full-length mirror and the mirrored Alista Tudor were
closely connected, and destroying it might prevent the powerful enemy
from maintaining His form.

The earlier large-scale explosion, where the mirrored Alista
deliberately controlled the direction and provided necessary protection,
not allowing this silver full-length mirror to be damaged, was evidence
of this.

*Even if I can't beat you, can't I at least beat this mirror?*

In Lumian's eyes, the mirrored Blood Emperor transformed into a
bluish-violet flaming spear, rapidly thrusting towards him.

He did not retreat, still letting the Sword of Courage descend.

*Bang!*

The silver full-length mirror suffered a tremendous explosion, without
even a cracking sound, it completely disintegrated, its shards scattered
outwards.

At the same time, the bluish-violet flaming spear pierced through
Lumian's body, instantly igniting him, trying to burn him to ashes.

The flaming spear fell behind Lumian, reforming into the mirrored Alista
Tudor.

His sharp-featured face bore unconcealed mockery, His figure not showing
any instability or illusion from the destruction of the silver
full-length mirror.

It was an intentionally displayed weakness---a trap!

___

On the Fog Sea, in the starlight-condensed treasure vault on the Blue
Avenger, the silver full-length mirror at the end of the corridor
suddenly split open without a sound, cracks forming across its surface.

*Splash!*

Shattered glass slid downwards.

On the deck of the Blue Avenger, Mr. Hanged Man and the few sailors felt
the ship suddenly rocking violently, as if caught in a raging storm.

High in the sky, the fog rapidly spread, clouds piling up, a downpour
imminent.

___

Within a square shielded from thick blood water.

From a black "coin bag", a mirror flew up, and Lumian leapt out,
retrieving the Sword of Courage and the Traveler's Bag specially made by
Mr. Fool.

He showed no retreat or fear, power surging from the dark pinhole in his
palm.

His strikingly handsome face suddenly took on a more heroic, masculine
air, his chest slightly narrower, his body a bit taller.

He was utilizing the power of the War Bishop obtained through the boon.

Of course, a Demoness of Unaging combined with War Bishop still should
not be a match for the mirrored Alista Tudor---even if the latter did
not use much of His Weather Warlock abilities, He still displayed
overwhelming superiority.

Lumian's true purpose was not the War Bishop itself, he wanted to
leverage the unique origin of this power.

It originated from the boon of the corpse wax candle ritual's target,
from the depths of the well, most likely related to the massive black
shadow coiled near the square, in reality.

In this case, Lumian was effectively the bestowed of the other party,
and the current battlefield was within the mirror world at the bottom of
the well.

In other words, Lumian might be able to invoke Angelic-level powers by
appealing to this special environment.

Furthermore, with the War Bishop boon, he was now truly half-male,
half-female, yin nurturing yang, yang containing yin, extremely close to
higher powers.

Seeing this, the mirrored Alista Tudor did not frown, the madness in His
blue eyes intensifying, seemingly wanting to use actual battle to tell
Lumian this was meaningless.

*Failure will be your destined end!*

At this moment, a dark shadow from the coiled black mass expanded
outwards.

It penetrated the invisible barrier, surging behind the mirror Blood
Emperor.

This dark, illusory, and transparent shadow seemed to lead to an unknown
world.

Lumian's thoughts suddenly became hazy, as if hearing layer upon layer
of faint, ethereal voices.

He then saw the mirrored Alista put away the bluish-violet flaming
sword, scornfully glancing at him.

This blood-soaked black-armored Mirror Person harrumphed, no longer
attacking, turning and walking into the dark shadow, disappearing from
Lumian's sight.

*That's it?* Lumian paused.

Of course, he did not think the mirrored Alista Tudor gave up because he
feared the aid Lumian had invoked---it was more likely someone had
dissuaded Him.

Who could dissuade the half-crazed mirrored Blood Emperor? As Lumian
pondered, he felt his mind beginning to grow weary, his consciousness
significantly weakened.

The ritual contract was nearing its end.

Lumian looked around, choosing to enter Cogitation, proactively
disconnecting from the contract state.

In Bansy Harbor, within the ruins of the telegraph office.

Lumian opened his eyes, checking his condition.

The power of the War Bishop was receding.

"What happened?" Franca in the distance asked curiously.

Lumian had actually used the War Bishop power from the boon during the
ritual!

Lumian was about to respond, but suddenly had a premonition, turning his
gaze towards the western sky.

___

On the Fog Sea, aboard the Blue Avenger.

Inside the violently shaking, nearly shattering ship, a deep violet,
hurricane-like light suddenly surged.

It rapidly headed eastward.

*This is...* Seeing this, Mr. Hanged Man furrowed his brow.

___

On a sunny coastline.

Unarmored, simply wearing a shirt and pants, now more human-like, Red
Angel Medici comfortably lay in a beach chair, legs crossed, casually
watching the deep violet light fly overhead.

Then, He smiled at Albus beside Him, saying, "Why didn't I attack Lumian
Lee in the dream city?

"Of course, it's because I'm waiting for him to trigger all the problems
left behind by that crazy Tudor.

"The path to be taken, someone must help us take it; the traps to be
stepped on, someone must help us step on them."