---
category: Volume 7
discussion: 2581
index: 1098
section: vol7
slug: 1098
title: Him
---

## Chapter 1098: Him

*Would the terror of the special mirror world possibly bring trouble to
the Outer Deities' invasion? *Lumian, treading on a wild wind,
turned his head to look at Amon. "What exactly is in the depths of the
special mirror world?"

This was a direct participant who might know something!

Lumian had no expectation that Amon would certainly answer him, but
asking wouldn't cost anything.

Amon stood steadily in the air, laughing with His usual tone, "The
embryonic form of the special mirror world was constructed by Bethel, to
create a secret, spacious environment unknown to other gods for Tudor's
and Cheek's meeting.

"Tudor wouldn't care whether this matter was seen, but cared about
whether it would be known by those who shouldn't know.

"This is the style of His Imperial Majesty the Blood Emperor."

"And then?" Lumian asked cooperatively.

Including the Termiboros period, he and Amon had already chatted
"casually" several times.

Amon pressed the monocle in His right eye socket. "Later, the special
mirror world underwent strange changes. Not only me, but Bethel and the
others were no longer allowed to enter.

"His Majesty was fully capable of killing Angels.

"Afterward, His Majesty became even crazier. Cheek began to claim
Herself as the true heir of the Original Creator, the first person born
in chaos.

"In the Pale Disaster, Cheek suffered severe damage. For thousands of
years, Her condition has been poor. But as a Demoness of Unaging, you
should clearly know that for high-ranking Demonesses, this is unlikely
to happen. They can quickly resurrect even when met with death, let
alone just being severely wounded."

Lumian could tell that Amon was intentionally saying these words. His
arrival today was certainly not just for receiving the Circle of
Inevitability's letter.

"The true heir of the Original Creator..." Lumian recalled the various
concepts of the Demoness Sect that Franca had told him, and suddenly
made certain associations. "Shouldn't it be the personas the Oldest One
initially split off? And among them, only two are most important and
qualified to say this: The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for
Blessings and the original God Almighty..."

Lumian paused, muttering to himself, "I'm aware that the combination of
Tudor and Cheek was actually an arrangement left by the original God
Almighty. The one believed in by the Aurora Order was also an object of
arrangement, which will bring a destined accident.

"Moreover, the Demoness of Black said that the Primordial Demoness has
five lines of honorific names, of which two are unknown to outsiders."

Lumian's current thinking was that if he wanted to obtain more
intelligence from Amon, he would have to trade some of his own
information.

Who gets something for free?

The one in front of him was the expert at free acquisitions, once the
top Marauder!

Before Amon could respond, Lumian added another sentence, "The City of
Calamity at the top of the Hunter and Demoness pathways was once
contained by the original God Almighty."

He began to suspect that the great terror of the special mirror world
was related to the resurrection of the original God Almighty.

Amon glanced at him, smiling and saying, "For such matters, no one dares
to confirm without seeing it personally.

"Initially, when the special mirror world first had anomalies, that
zealot already knew something was wrong. The occurrence of the War of
the Four Emperors was also Him pushing it from the shadows.

"He re-established contact with the Chaos Sea more than seven years ago.
Although forcibly using the Chaos Sea's power would cause the
accommodation progress to regress, compared to those who still have to
wait for the Western Continent's seal to be lifted, He shouldn't still
be incapable of accomplishing an initial accommodation until today.

"Guess why He hasn't truly accommodated the Chaos Sea?"

*Are the concerns about the problems hidden in the depths of the special
mirror world stopping Him? Does He want a Beyonder qualified to become
the Origins of Disaster and Calamity of Destruction not only to
cultivate power against the apocalypse but also because the path to the
Origins of Disaster must necessarily pass through the depths of the
special mirror world, triggering that great terror and presenting it
before His eyes? Is part of the previous "bestowments" cost to be paid
here? *Lumian thoughtfully said to Amon, "What else does that
individual know about the special mirror world?"

Amon laughed and shook His head, answering off-topic, "Cheek's remaining
two honorific names are extremely secretive. Even color-titled
high-ranking Demonesses don't all know them. Only those with close
connections to Cheek that might trigger divine descent when attacked,
truly grasp them.

"Otherwise, why do you think those two honorific names could remain
secret, unknown even to all current Sequence 0s? Medici could intimidate
the Demoness of White, let alone those more powerful than Her.

"But that zealot might know something, after all, even the thoughts in
one's mind might not be hidden from Him."

*Is the Demoness of Black one of those with close connections to the
Primordial Demoness? She indeed seems special...* Lumian glanced
at Amon and suddenly laughed. "Using a true god's honorific name in
Intisian won't incur divine punishment? Only using Hermes or ancient
Hermes languages counts as blasphemy?"

After all, Cheek wasn't an uncommon name.

"You only mentioned Hermes and ancient Hermes because you only mastered
them?" Amon laughed, "Using ordinary language to recite a Sequence 0's
true name will attract attention but not necessarily divine punishment.
As for me, guess why my title includes the description Blasphemer?"

Here, Amon adjusted the monocle in His right eye and looked Lumian up
and down for a few seconds.

He said with an obvious smile, "Actually, I'm quite looking forward to
you entering the depths of the special mirror world. Something
interesting and unknown will definitely happen, and it's not something
that will affect me.

"Why not give it a shot?"

"Maybe I'll consider it sometime in the future." Lumian took on an
unconcerned posture.

"Goodbye, my unacknowledged goddaughter. I hope when I see you next, you
haven't truly lost control and gone mad." Amon waved like a human.

His figure suddenly disappeared.

Lumian lowered his head and gazed at the azure ocean shrouded in faint
mist, activated the black mark on his right shoulder, and returned to
the luxurious villa in Trier.

"How did it go?" Franca and Jenna, who had been waiting, asked in
unison.

"The one called Inevitability sent a message through a Messenger of
God," Lumian told his two companions about the "letter's" content.

"The one called Inevitability warned you not to go to the depths of the
special mirror world? It feels like a weasel giving its well-wishes to a
chicken---there's definitely no good intention," Franca muttered.

"Could this be a misdirection?" Jenna frowned. "But the secrets of the
special mirror world's depths related to the Primordial Demoness are
indeed dangerous."

"Probably not a misdirection," Lumian recounted his conversation with
Amon that he could speak about, then laughed self-mockingly, "Maybe the
one who will save the end times is me, Mr. Fool will hold the fort,
preventing those great existences from interfering with me. And when I
reach the entrance of the special mirror world, I'll shout to the sky,
'Go back, or I'll face that great terror!'"

"Like the Deterrence Era..." Franca couldn't help but quip.

Jenna didn't quite agree with Lumian's words. "Maybe it would only bring
trouble to the one called Inevitability, without affecting other great
existences."

"Do I look like an idiot? Before figuring out what exactly the great
terror in the special mirror world's depths is and whether it can deter
those great existences, I would never do such a thing," Lumian teased
Jenna.

After chatting for a while, he took out the special mirror world
fragment obtained from the Demoness of Despair Panatiya from the
Traveler's Bag and handed it to Franca.

"From now on, I must try to avoid direct contact with items related to
the special mirror world."

"Cautious!" Franca gave a thumbs up and praised Lumian.

She thought for a moment and took out her own special mirror world
fragment, handing it to Jenna along with Lumian's.

"I have the Primordial Demoness's figurine. At critical moments, I must
also avoid keeping it together with the special mirror world fragments."

"I was just about to remind you," Jenna smiled and collected the two
special mirror world fragments.

Franca returned the smile and turned to Lumian.

"We'll put this matter aside for now?"

She was referring to Louis Gustav's matter. After some time, if this
Emperor Party leader returned from Fourth Epoch Trier and the special
mirror world, they would leave it to official Beyonders to handle, and
notify the Demoness Sect on the side, not getting involved.

"Yeah." Lumian nodded. "In the coming days, besides finding other
cultists hidden in Trier and Zaratul's clues, I'll focus on digesting
the potion. I might seek Mr. Fool's permission to attempt the acting in
a specific scenario for Weather Warlock.

"Also, I've communicated with Mr. Star and Mr. Moon. If they discover a
base of the Rose School of Thought or an armed force belonging to them,
they'll immediately notify me. I'll take you to the Southern Continent
and launch a small war."

The acting of a War Bishop must be completed in a war.

"Okay." Franca pointed upstairs. "So there's nothing else for now?"

She wanted to continue manufacturing giant robots.

Lumian didn't respond directly but turned to Jenna and Franca with a
smile. "I heard a very famous circus is touring in Trier. Want to go see
it together?"

"Sure." Jenna looked at Franca.

Franca hesitated for two seconds. "Alright."

___

More than a week later.

Angoulême de François put on a brown coat with gold-embroidered threads
and walked towards the underground of Saint Viève Cathedral.

He and several colleagues were assigned to search for Louis Gustav and
Madame Pualis in Fourth Epoch Trier. For this, they needed to hold a
ritual, receive the blessing of the Eternal Blazing Sun, to resist the
various corruptions existing in the Fourth Epoch Trier within a certain
time.

Even for an Unshadowed, it would be quite dangerous otherwise.

*Another one brought by Hidden Blade...* Angoulême sighed
inwardly.

The matter of Louis Gustav and the person suspected to be Pualis meeting
in Fourth Epoch Trier was personally reported by him.

After being assigned to this task, Angoulême had tried to find Hidden
Blade in the telegram group multiple times, wanting to complain, but in
the past week, Hidden Blade had only been online two or three times, and
no one knew what she was busy with.