---
category: Volume 7
discussion: 2598
index: 1115
section: vol7
slug: 1115
title: Crimson
---

## Chapter 1115: Crimson

"Primordial God Almighty?" Lumian raised an eyebrow.

All around him, formless, colorless flames suddenly flared up, blazing
fiercely.

Madame Pualis, cradling the infant Omebella, smiled and said, "Within
the two pathways of Calamity lies the arrangement for the resurrection
of the Primordial God Almighty. During the union of Tudor and Cheek to
conceive Krismona and Judith, the consciousness of the Primordial God
Almighty also partially revived. Naturally, that pair of twins were
younger brother and elder sister.

"Conversely, if what fused into your body wasn't Omebella and Zedus, but
other divine offspring of the Great Mother, they would have been
completely ineffective during that fusion. They lack the necessary
symbols and mystical connections."

Hearing this, the head on Lumian's left shoulder turned from side to
side, the faces of Cheek and Alista Tudor alternating as they gazed at
Madame Pualis.

Lumian struggled to suppress the urge to incinerate this part of
Paramita and destroy it entirely. Suddenly, a thought flashed through
his mind.

*So that's how it is. Omebella was indeed killed by a direct relative.
That explains her curse on the City of Silver...*

Previously, Lumian had speculated that Omebella's final death stemmed
from the citizens of City of Silver killing Her. Since they were Her
followers, essentially her "children," the act of filicide---or human
deicide---could naturally trigger the curse: "Must die at the hands of a
direct relative, or else become an evil spirit."

Now it seemed that while this might be one of the reasons, it was
certainly not the only one---nor even the most crucial.

The true reason was that Omebella's initial death was orchestrated by
the Ancient Sun God!

As the successor to the Primordial God Almighty, the Ancient Sun God
might have had fragments of the Primordial God Almighty's consciousness
and spirit awakening within Him at that time---though still
suppressible!

Under these circumstances, in Omebella's eyes, wasn't it essentially a
god imbued with Her father's consciousness and spirit using powers
derived from Him to kill Her?

Lumian suddenly understood why Madame Pualis had lured the padre into
personally killing the newborn Omebella back in Cordu.

If it were only about fulfilling the symbolic act of being killed by a
direct relative, Madame Pualis herself, as the mother, could have
handled it. There would have been no need for such elaborate
arrangements.

The only explanation was that infant Omebella had to be killed once by
her biological father---the padre, who symbolized the Eternal Blazing
Sun. Only then would all the necessary symbols be complete, forming a
closed loop and becoming valid in the realm of mysticism.

*Eternal Blazing Sun... Eternal Blazing Sun...*

Lumian's pupils dilated as he was struck by a sudden realization.

Once he understood that making the padre become Omebella's father was to
evoke the symbol of the Eternal Blazing Sun, one question had always
puzzled him.

*Why the Eternal Blazing Sun specifically?*

*Wouldn't the God of Steam and Machinery, the God of Knowledge and
Wisdom, or the Lord of Storms suffice?*

This question hadn't lingered long, though. Realizing that Aurore
possessed the unique conditions of being a transmigrator, having the
gray fog's aura, being a Warlock, and having a younger brother, Lumian
had concluded it was mere coincidence. It just so happened that Cordu
worshiped the Eternal Blazing Sun.

But now, he suddenly understood---it wasn't a coincidence. It was a
necessary condition.

Aside from being a transmigrator, having the gray fog's aura, being a
Warlock, and the sibling relationship, there was another implicit
condition: residing in a region that worshiped the Eternal Blazing Sun.

Lumian recalled his time as a casual believer of the Eternal Blazing
Sun, occasionally attending Mass at the Saint Sith Cathedral in Cordu,
and remembered certain praises from the padre.

*"Great Father!"*

*"Father of all living beings!"*

These weren't official titles of the Eternal Blazing Sun, yet they were
written into the scriptures, frequently mentioned in propaganda and
hymns, and genuinely existed!

The Great Father!

Lumian looked at Madame Pualis and blurted out, "Is there something
wrong with the Eternal Blazing Sun?"

Madame Pualis smiled faintly and replied, "Long ago, fragments of the
Primordial God Almighty's consciousness began reviving within Him. For a
time, He would even occasionally lose control of Himself.

"After an extensive period, He finally managed to suppress His alienated
self and achieve a fragile balance, which allowed Him to partially
harness the power of the Chaos Sea. However, He had to tread carefully
and limit the frequency of use. Otherwise, the corruption and alienation
would deepen, and the balance would collapse."

Madame Pualis smiled brilliantly and asked rhetorically, "Now you
understand why the true birth of Omebella is so significant, don't you?

"Her true father is the Primordial God Almighty. Her current father is
the Eternal Blazing Sun, within whom the consciousness of the Primordial
God Almighty has revived.

"When She was born in essence, the Eternal Blazing Sun, as a symbol of
the Primordial God Almighty, will be significantly strengthened. The
mystical connection between the two will blend together.

"With the symbol of the Primordial God Almighty greatly reinforced, do
you think the fragile balance the Eternal Blazing Sun has been
maintaining can still exist?"

In the astral world, where abstract concepts and symbolic
representations intertwined.

The radiant, golden Sun, connected to a blazing giant enshrouded in
Chaos, suddenly broke off its battle with The Fool.

He contracted instantly, merging once again with the sacredly glowing
golden Sun.

The Sun's surface abruptly darkened, patches of shadow spreading swiftly
to cover half of its "face."

The gigantic golden sun alternated between the form of a handsome,
energetic young man with short golden hair draped in a pure white robe,
and a blazing, searingly bright fireball.

The young man's expression grew increasingly distorted, His body
half-shrouded in dark shadows seeping from within, gradually dissolving.
The dark patches on the terrifying fireball expanded, while the divine
radiance diminished.

Suddenly, behind the golden sun, a silhouette subtly emerged.

It was a female figure dressed in layered but unadorned pitch-black
robes, dotted with what seemed like brilliant stars. From Her ribs and
waist extended two pairs of arms covered in short, deep-black fur.

Evernight Goddess!

In the Goddess's six hands, two held a heavy black scythe, two cradled
an ancient bird-shaped golden ornament, and two raised a massive sword
seemingly forged from condensed orange-red light, aiming it at the
Eternal Blazing Sun.

The young man with the distorted face in the white robe glanced at the
spot where the Evernight Goddess had previously stood and saw a
terrifying feathered serpent with massive wings blocking a fissure with
its own reflection, maintaining the barrier.

The feathered serpent could only hold out for a short time, and even
then, only because the Evernight Goddess had not yet left the astral
world.

The Eternal Blazing Sun turned toward the Evernight Goddess, asking in
excruciating pain, "When... did you find out?"

Two of the Evernight Goddess's hands holding the bird-shaped golden
ornaments underwent rapid changes, causing an illusory, wide, dark,
colorless river to manifest behind Her.

The river flowed silently, drawing close to the Evernight Goddess.

"I had some suspicions during the Cataclysm. After obtaining Destined
Madness, I fully understood your anomalies." Evernight Goddess's voice
was soft, almost as if She were soothing the Eternal Blazing Sun to
sleep.

Simultaneously, the heavy black scythe and the massive orange-red sword
descended upon the Eternal Blazing Sun at an unhurried pace, yet their
movement carried the force of the colorless, dark river. The progress of
the dark patches spreading across the surface of the golden sun slowed.

The once-handsome and vibrant Eternal Blazing Sun, Aucuses, began to
laugh.

Struggling to suppress His alienation and natural defensive instincts,
He looked earnestly at the Evernight Goddess and pleaded, "Please kill
me."

He would rather die as a god than lose Himself and linger on in torment!

Suddenly, His face contorted again, and the dark patches overtook the
sun's surface. An ancient voice seemed to echo from across history: *"If
you kill Him, the barrier will lose another support. Can the barrier be
kept up?"*

The Evernight Goddess responded without any emotion, "I just saw you
collaborating with the Mother Goddess of Depravity, and you are the
strongest Notary."

Without hesitation, She brought down the heavy black scythe and the
massive orange-red sword.

The dark, illusory river seemed to flow closer.

Those awake deep into the night and the strongest beings in the world
simultaneously turned their gaze to the sky.

A blazing, brilliant, pure golden sun rose, illuminating the entire
world.

In the next second, the sun shattered into fragments of divine light
tinged with darkness, scattering to various corners of the world.

It resembled stars falling in a rain-like cascade.

___

Fourth Epoch Trier, beside the half-collapsed ostentatious palace.

Maintaining her smile, Madame Pualis replied, "The true birth of
Omebella holds two additional symbolic significance.

"First, as the divine offspring of the Primordial God Almighty and the
Brood Hive, once She fully enters the real world, will the one who once
usurped Her identity be able to bear this fate and maintain even a basic
state?"

___

In the astral world, where abstract concepts and symbolic
representations intertwined.

Earth Mother Lilith, with Her ample and graceful figure, cradling a baby
in Her arms and a faint red moon behind Her head, cast Her gaze upon the
crumbling golden sun and the figure wielding the scythe and sword.

The illusory crimson moon was suddenly drawn toward Her and leaped into
Her body.

Her voluptuous, graceful form cracked instantly, and from the fissures
burst forth streams of crimson moonlight.

"Amanises, let me sleep. In this way, my authority and symbolism can
still contribute to the barrier," Earth Mother Lilith spoke with extreme
pain and difficulty.

The figure of the Evernight Goddess, Amanises, who had just vanquished
the Eternal Blazing Sun, vanished as if erased.

Moments later, She reappeared behind Earth Mother Lilith.

Almost simultaneously, as the Sun fell, new stars lit up in the
sky---red, orange, gold, blue, brown... eight in total.

Each was colossal, like new suns, descending to the same height as the
crimson full moon, exerting immense pressure on the barrier, causing it
to audibly crack and fissure.

The barrier's sustaining power was insufficient.

Having just completely destroyed the Tree of Shadow, leaving only its
roots, and not yet had time to eliminate Suah and Tirié, Mr. Fool raised
His head and looked toward the astral world.

All His bodies disappeared abruptly, reappearing there as a series of
symbols and various abstract concepts.

Some symbols consisted of segments of Pupil-less Eye and Contorted
Lines, others were layered doors, and others resembled the hands of a
clock.

The teetering invisible barrier steadied.

Forsaken Land of the Gods, atop a majestic and stretching mountain
range.

After the darkened sun fell, the darkness here dissipated.

Beside the enormous cross, Visionary Adam, clad in a simple white robe
with a thick golden beard, returned to normal. At His feet was a dense
black shadow with five heads, exuding malevolence.

Both He and His shadow looked ahead, to a realm encompassing all colors
and possibilities, simultaneously illusory and real "sea."

From the depths of the Chaos Sea came an ancient voice: "Come, my child.
Merge with me.

"You are out of time. The apocalypse is nigh. Your only choice is to
risk merging with me, then contend for dominance on equal footing."

Visionary Adam and the True Creator, Grisha, shifted Their gazes
downward, toward the lands outside the Forsaken Land of the Gods.

They saw the Northern and Southern continents, cities like Backlund,
Trier, Feynapotter, and St. Millom, the awakened people stirred by the
Sun's eruption, and the mountains, rivers, and seas.

They withdrew Their gazes and stepped into that realm of
all-encompassing colors.

They sank beneath its waves.

___

Fourth Epoch Trier, beside the half-collapsed Tudor Palace.

Madame Pualis gazed wistfully at Lumian and Aurore, sighing as she
spoke, "The final important symbolism of Omebella's birth is this:

"Previously, She was born from the Brood Hive and the Primordial God
Almighty. Now, She is born from me, representing the Great Mother, and
the padre, symbolizing the Eternal Blazing Sun. Since the Eternal
Blazing Sun, as a symbol of the Primordial God Almighty, has been
strengthened, the Brood Hive, as a symbol of the Great Mother, will
undergo similar changes.

"Moreover, the Brood Hive and the Great Mother Themselves have an
exceptionally tight, nearly unified mystical connection.

"With such a transformation, what will the Great Mother gain?"

Lumian did not answer. Following his intuition, he directed his gaze
upward to the formless, colorless flames.

There, the night sky had appeared, and the crimson full moon suddenly
brightened.

Elsewhere in the mirror world, Franca, who had just shattered the
Demoness of Black's true body and her mirrored self, also looked up.

Across the world, every demigod raised their gaze to the sky.

The crimson full moon, which had always seemed perched atop a clock
tower, suddenly descended without warning, appearing closer, as if just
above everyone's rooftops or nestled in the wild treetops.

A diaphanous, eerie moonlight spread across every corner of the land and
sea.

All was crimson, as if drenched in blood.

(End of Volume 7: The Second Law)