---
category: Volume 8
discussion: 2615
index: 1132
section: vol8
slug: 1132
title: Authority
---

## Chapter 1132: Authority

In the grayish-white cavern-like special mirror world, only the strands
of black hair, as thick as rainforest trees, retained their original
color, either shooting toward the sky or wrapping around Lumian from all
directions.

After being gazed upon by Primordial Demoness Cheek, Lumian's body
suddenly petrified. A large swath of grayish-white swiftly spread over
the central and right heads on his shoulders, turning them into stone
sculptures.

The next second, the petrification abruptly halted, stopping just before
it reached the chaotic vortex face embedded with 0-01, which no longer
wore the dark gold mask.

The petrifying power fused into the vortex without any effect.

"Haha! This head is indeed useful!" Lumian's laughter boomed from the
vortex face, reverberating with a buzzing echo.

As the voice rang out, his body ignited with formless, colorless flames.

Amidst crackling sounds, chunks of grayish-white peeled off his surface,
and the flames reconstructed his enormous body.

Lumian raised his right hand and pulled Salinger's Blood Banner,
embedded in the vortex's forehead, free.

As he did, the left head on his shoulder turned, and the softened
features of Alista Tudor's face came into view, gazing upward.

His expression seemed dissatisfied, almost chastising, as if silently
questioning Primordial Demoness Cheek, clothed in a bone-white dress:
*Why do you resist? Why not surrender willingly?*

*Isn't our union something you've always desired?*

Utilizing Blood Emperor Alista Tudor's face, Lumian wielded the
dangerous banner that matched his fiery giant body and swung it at
Primordial Demoness Cheek, whose blue eyes glimmered with reluctance to
fight to the death, Her allure rendering Her opponents unable to strike.

Invisible, formless flames surged into the air, roaring as they raced
toward their target.

Within the flames, figures of blazing humanoid fire emerged one after
another. These entities possessed a degree of intelligence, obeying
Lumian's commands. They surrounded Primordial Demoness Cheek from all
directions, cutting off any escape routes. Acting as Lumian's soldiers,
they shared his spirituality, power, and abilities like Teleportation.

This was an extension of the Conqueror's ability to transform lifeless
objects into soldiers, amplified by Sealed Artifact 0-01.

Primordial Demoness Cheek watched with a radiant smile, as if admiring
the performance of a lover, without immediately reacting.

She raised Her right hand, clenching it gently as the formless,
colorless flames and the countless fire soldiers approached.

At Her center, a vortex suddenly appeared---remarkably similar to the
chaotic vortex embedded in Lumian's left shoulder. Composed of liquid
encompassing all colors, this vortex was far larger.

The formless, colorless flames, along with the innumerable fire
soldiers, were sucked into the vortex, shredded into fragments, and
dissolved, becoming part of the myriad unrealized possibilities.

Within the nearly sky-filling chaotic vortex, Primordial Demoness
Cheek---draped in Her black hair and white bone dress---emerged once
again. She remained dazzlingly beautiful, an irresistible sight that
stirred even the surrounding grayish-white stones to agitate in Her
presence.

This was a manifestation of one of the Demoness's authorities.

Honorific titles like "The Female Body of the Primordial God Almighty,"
"The mirrored Original Creator---the Oldest One," and "The True
Successor of the Original Creator" were labels that Cheek Herself had
added after merging with the Blood Emperor Alista Tudor, discovering and
utilizing the hidden features of the Catastrophe pathway. However, the
Sequence 0 Demoness of the Witch pathway being named "Primordial
Demoness" or "Chaos Demoness," predated Her deification and was recorded
on the Second Blasphemy Slate.

This referred both to the feminine aspect of a Demoness as an extension
of the Primordial God Almighty and to one of the Demoness's authorities:
the authority over the return of all things to chaos and the primordial
state. This was a branch of the symbolism of destruction and endings,
distinct from death, eternal darkness, decay, ruin, slaughter, or
fragmentation as methods of finality.

It, along with authorities like "femininity," "charm," "the mirror
world," and "dark magic," was a core authority of the Demoness and an
elevated concept encompassing "apocalypse" and "catastrophe."

Thus, the Demoness was a demoness who wielded chaos.

The Primordial God Almighty was unaware of the setup and contingency
plans left by the Original Creator to stabilize existence when
accommodating the City of Calamity. The reason this was the first
sefirah to be accommodated must have been due to a mystical connection,
an instinctive tendency that had long existed!

Primordial Demoness Cheek emerged from the chaos with a charming smile,
causing even Lumian, whose heart was burning with rage and hatred, to
momentarily lose focus.

The face of Alista Tudor was filled with madness, driving the scorched
banner of 0-01 to rise.

On the banner, the ominous blackened bloodstains revealed their original
colors, radiating an aura of conquest so overwhelming that even deities
might bow Their heads.

Primordial Demoness Cheek paused for a moment, as if reminded of the
past.

At this moment, the figure of 0-17, clad in a hooded black robe adorned
with silver stars, appeared in the high sky where the chaotic vortex had
receded. Above Her was a scene of brilliant constellations reflected
from the mirror.

With a delicate face and dark, deep eyes, 0-17 wielded a phantom black
scythe, swinging it toward the Primordial Demoness as though culling the
wheat of life.

A dense, profound, and silent darkness surged forth, following the
trajectory of the scythe and rapidly engulfing the target.

Wherever the darkness passed, the projections of brilliant stars were
submerged, one after another extinguishing their own radiance.

Primordial Demoness Cheek raised Her right hand once again.

Around Her, the vortex of chaos, embracing all possibilities, became
prominent and rapidly expanded, colliding with the darkness brought
forth by the scythe.

In an instant, Lumian's vision lost all light, his hearing fell silent,
and his spirituality ceased its perception.

It was as if the world had reached its end in an apocalypse, welcoming
the final conclusion and return.

Before Lumian could form any thought, a sudden burst of light erupted.
This was because the special mirror world had not yet fully collapsed or
been destroyed.

Primordial Demoness Cheek was very pleased with this outcome. She cast
an alluring glance at 0-17, momentarily delaying Her next move.

Corrupted by the Primordial God Almighty, Her control over chaos
naturally surpassed normal levels, allowing Her to better unleash the
might of this authority.

Moreover, She knew that the Evernight Goddess could not maintain the
descent through 0-17 for too long, whereas She, as a true Sequence 0
deity with freedom of movement, could wield Her power indefinitely and
sustainably.

Time was on Her side.

At this moment, the shaky special mirror world suddenly accelerated its
self-repair process. Lumian blinked, and the world returned to its
original stability.

The former Matriarch of the Church of Earth Mother, Roland, whose upper
body was adorned with bird-clawed infants sucking nourishment from Her
breasts, stepped into this place, bringing "rebirth."

Her face bore a faint, maternal smile, and Her gentle gaze fell upon
Lumian, Primordial Demoness Cheek, and 0-17.

Behind Her, a crimson full moon slowly rose.

___

In the depths of the mirror world.

After the disappearance of Roland, the former Matriarch of the Church of
Earth Mother, another figure emerged.

It was a woman wearing a gold crown inlaid with jewels, her chestnut
hair cascading down her shoulders. She had blue eyes, slightly thin
lips, and a mature allure. Her figure was voluptuous, her features
enchanting---it was the mirrored Emperor Roselle, now an Angel serving
the ruler of the special mirror world.

As Empress Roselle arrived, a flickering figure appeared in front of
Her.

It was The Magician Fors, clad in a silver star-black robe.

While jointly fighting against the Demoness of Gray Judith and the
Demoness of Yellow Tissavica with Madam Justice, Fors also participated
in the mirror world battle.

This was the characteristic of a Planeswalker.

The Demoness Sect was not unfamiliar with this phenomenon. On the one
hand, Madam Magician had been one of the most active members of the
Tarot Club in recent years, naturally drawing attention. On the other
hand, the Demoness Sect itself possessed a relevant Grade 0 Sealed
Artifact.

It was called "Tamara's Everchanging Card" and was currently wielded by
the Demoness of Orange.

Upon detecting Madam Magician's appearance in the mirror world, the
Demoness of Crimson, who had received prior instructions, used
invisible, tough, and resilient spider silk to hoist a blackened stone
pillar with a faint bronze hue.

This was another Grade 0 Sealed Artifact of the Demoness Sect, named the
"Pillar of Severity."

As the pillar was lifted, bronzed letters emerged upon its surface: "The
battlefield shall be divided."

In an instant, the chaotic melee was split into multiple
zones---soldiers against soldiers, generals against generals---in
perfect balance and order.

Until their respective battles were concluded and the corresponding
battlefields dissolved, neither Angels nor Saints could interfere with
other fights.

Madam Magician's presence was immediately locked within the ruins of
Trier, close to Madam Justice Audrey and facing the Demoness of Gray and
Demoness of Yellow.

Empress Roselle was no longer obstructed.

Since She was not yet engaged in any battle, She could freely choose Her
battlefield.

The Demoness of Gold, dressed in a champagne-colored gown, faced Mr. Sun
Derrick.

She wore a vertical eye-shaped tiara, its centerpiece a perfectly cut
diamond resembling an eye, set within a brass base.

A Grade 0 Sealed Artifact---Eye of God!

Within the Eye of God, light constantly refracted, emitting a pure yet
dreamlike radiance that exposed both Mr. Sun Derrick's weaknesses and
strengths.

The Demoness of Gold suddenly smiled.

She realized that the crown of dawn worn by her opponent was currently
nothing more than an ornament, incapable of functioning.

The Testimony of Glory required two Saints to effectively wield it!

After the battlefield was divided for balance, Mr. Sun Derrick had
temporarily lost his collaborator.

This fact was clear to Mr. Sun Derrick and to the other Major Arcana
card holders as well. Madam Judgment---wearing Solomon's
Mask---immediately sought to distort the corresponding rules.