---
category: Volume 8
discussion: 2626
index: 1143
section: vol8
slug: 1143
title: The Final Choice
---

## Chapter 1143: The Final Choice

The Star Leonard looked back at Madam Judgment, slightly surprised as he
asked, "You're not switching to the Black Emperor pathway?"

Switching pathways could grant unique, hybrid, and sometimes bizarre
Beyonder powers. Though the rituals might have hidden requirements and
associated risks, theoretically, such individuals were harder to deal
with than Beyonders who stayed on a single pathway to its peak.

Judgment Xio spoke calmly, "If there's no other option, I will switch to
the Black Emperor pathway. But as long as there's a possibility to
continue on the Justiciar pathway, I would prefer to pursue that."

She paused, adding, "I personally aspire to establish orders that align
with the morality of the times and devote myself fully to maintaining
them while constantly adjusting and refining them based on reality's
feedback.

"Once order becomes rigid, it inevitably falls into shadow."

The Star Leonard nodded in agreement, saying, "I'm willing to make the
trade."

To him, Solomon's Mask and the Pillar of Severity were essentially
equivalent---they were items meant to be handed in, traded for the
Sequence 2 Servant of Concealment Beyonder characteristic of the
Darkness pathway.

If there wasn't an opening for a Servant of Concealment, he was already
prepared to switch to Sequence 2 of one of the neighboring
pathways---the Death pathway's Death Consul or the Giant pathway's
Glory.

After Leonard and Xio completed their exchange of the two Grade 0 Sealed
Artifacts, Mr. Fool, seated at the head of the bronze table, turned to
The Hanged Man Alger. In a warm tone, he said, "The Book of Calamity
task cannot currently be completed due to the premature descent of the
crimson moon. You will need to wait until the moment the apocalypse
arrives. If you do not wish to wait and prefer to ascend to angelhood
sooner, I can assist you by using The Setting Sun Rooster to trade for
the Sequence 2 Beyonder characteristic and supplementary ingredients
from the Sun, White Tower, or Tyrant pathways."

White Tower was the Sequence 0 of the Reader pathway, corresponding to
the God of Knowledge and Wisdom.

The Sequence 2 Beyonder characteristic of this pathway and the Tyrant
pathway might no longer exist within their respective Churches but could
still be found as Sealed Artifacts in other Churches.

The Sun pathway's Sequence 2 Beyonder characteristics were relatively
more abundant, partly due to the fall of the Eternal Blazing Sun and
partly because not every Sequence 3 Justice Mentor in the Church of the
Eternal Blazing Sun fulfilled the conditions for advancement.

In the past few months, Saint Viève and Saint Lutique, two senior Sun
Chasers, had each successfully advanced after Mr. Fool returned two
Sequence 1 White Angel Beyonder characteristics.

Mr. Fool continued, "You can also consider switching to the Secrets
Supplicant pathway. The Setting Sun Rooster, originating from the fall
of the Ancient Sun God, carries the Sequence 2 Beyonder characteristic
Profane Presbyter tainted by the Sun's power. I can purify the
corresponding corruption for you.

"Take your time to consider carefully before deciding."

The Hanged Man Alger fell silent, seemingly torn and hesitant.

After a dozen seconds, he suddenly chuckled. "Honorable Mr. Fool, I wish
to become a Profane Presbyter."

The Sun Derrick looked at Mr. Hanged Man in astonishment, utterly
baffled by his choice.

He believed that the White Tower pathway's Sequence 2 Wisdom Angel or
the Tyrant pathway's Sequence 2 Calamity would suit Alger better,
especially the former.

Alger smiled faintly and said in a low voice, "This pathway is more
adaptable in actual combat and better suited to handling various
situations."

He then added in a self-deprecating tone, "By choosing this, my Hanged
Man card becomes even more fitting. Perhaps this is fate---one always
returns to the card they once chose."

Hearing this, Madam Magician, who had deep knowledge of Tarot cards, was
suddenly reminded of a phrase: "The Hanged Man represents downfall,
selfishness, as well as endurance, sacrifice, and dedication."

Seeing that The Hanged Man Alger had made his decision, Mr. Fool did not
offer further advice.

"After the gathering, I will provide the ritual. Once you're prepared,
pray to me to shatter the characteristic, purify the corruption, and
supply the supplementary ingredients."

"Yes, Mr. Fool." Alger was both elated and burdened with a sense of
responsibility.

As the current Sea God and a legendary adventurer perpetually roaming
the seas, he had long since digested his Sea King potion.

The Chariot Lumian straightened his posture and said, "Mr. Fool, I will
supply the supplementary ingredients. Just provide me with the
corresponding knowledge, and I can envision them out of thin air."

He was unsure whether Mr. Fool had access to the supplementary
ingredients for Profane Presbyter or could summon them from the
historical fog for temporary use, so he proactively offered to handle
it.

"Very well." Shrouded in gray fog, Mr. Fool nodded slightly.

After discussing this matter, The Moon Emlyn glanced around the room and
hesitated before saying, "Your potions are either fully digested, were
digested during this operation, or you've found ways to expedite
digestion. However, my High Summoner is still lacking. Advancing quickly
would require taking risks. Do you have any suggestions?"

Before any other Major Arcana card holders could respond, The Chariot
Lumian smiled and said, "That's simple.

"After the gathering, set up a ritual and summon me. I will respond."

*Wh---* Mr. Moon Emlyn was momentarily stunned.

*Of course! This individual is a dual-pathway true god, possessing
unique traits...*

If a High Summoner could complete such a high-level summoning and
succeed, their remaining potion would undoubtedly be fully digested.

"Thank you." The Moon Emlyn was not particularly adept at communication
and could only express his gratitude in the simplest terms.

After further exchanges, Mr. Fool gently tapped the edge of the bronze
table.

Once all the Major Arcana card holders turned their attention to him, he
spoke in a warm but emotional tone, "This operation was a success.
Though many high-ranking Demonesses were not truly killed, the
destruction and reformation of the mirror world left their numbers
dwindling. Their relics may have been inherited by the Demoness of Cyan
trio, but they will no longer impact future developments.

"Everyone, the final moment is approaching. We have about a month left
to make all necessary preparations. Make the most of it.

"I hope that after the apocalypse, no one will be absent from the next
Tarot Gathering."

Hearing this, Justice Audrey felt a complex surge of emotions.

She stood up and, alongside the other Major Arcana card holders,
curtsied. "Yes, Mr. Fool."

___

Returning to the real world, Lumian descended the stairs into the small
living room.

He glanced at Franca and casually asked, "Where's Anthony?"

"In the kitchen, helping Ludwig," Franca replied, glancing toward the
living room entrance before lowering her voice. "You can tell me about
the knowledge of great existences now, right?"

Lumian briefly explained the Great Old Dominators such as Mother Goddess
of Depravity and Circle of Inevitability, who were Above the Sequences,
and Their goals. He also introduced the situation regarding the sefirot
and updated Franca on the Mother Goddess of Depravity's current
activities.

Franca listened in shock, murmuring, "Isn't the number of great
existences a little too many..."

She then looked toward the faces of Cheek and Tudor on Lumian's left
shoulder.

"They're truly mad..."

She now had a deeper understanding of the monumental risk Primordial
Demoness Cheek had taken with Her grand plan.

If She had failed, She would have dragged the entire planet---and
perhaps the universe---down with Her!

Cheek's face couldn't speak but lifted Her chin proudly, while Tudor's
face refused to react.

Lumian sneered and shifted the topic to other knowledge about Above the
Sequences.

After listening intently, Franca sighed. "So we had our Spirit Bodies
extracted and hung up in Sefirah Castle, avoiding the end of the world
when the Oldest One awoke, as well as the later struggles between God
Almighty and the Celestial Worthy..."

As she spoke, her thoughts wandered. "Most of the Curly-Haired Baboon
Research Society have no idea about the truth or that the Northern and
Southern Continents are already destroyed.

"That's probably for the best---let them greet the apocalypse with
joy..."

The Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society's members had mostly survived
the crimson moon disaster because the one the Aurora Order believed in
had shielded them in time.

This was why Franca had complicated feelings about that individual. She
knew that Jenna's death and Lumian's ordeals were connected to Him. Yet,
He had indeed protected the world, including her and her friends.

Thus, she had never brought up the idea of revenge---not because she
didn't harbor resentment, but because she couldn't voice it. When she
heard Lumian had punched Him twice, she felt both stunned and amused.

After a few seconds, Franca exhaled slowly and said, "If we survive the
apocalypse, I want to travel to the Western Continent and live there for
a while."

As she spoke, she smiled warmly and sincerely invited Lumian, Aurore,
and Jenna.

"Would you like to come along? I'll explain and introduce everything to
you. I'll be your guide."

Lumian's expression softened gradually. He glanced at the head on his
right shoulder and smiled as he said, "Aurore can explain and introduce
things too."

"Deal!" Franca beamed and extended her right hand, giving Lumian a
high-five.

She found pinky promises too childish; a high-five suited her much
better.

At that moment, Ludwig entered the living room, chewing on a steak.

"What are you doing here?" Franca asked, slightly surprised.

*You haven't even finished your meal yet...*

"I called him here," Lumian explained with a smile.

*Why would Lumian need Ludwig at this moment? Was it mealtime?*
Franca was puzzled.

For the past year, Lumian had used his unique abilities to take Ludwig
out of the protected zone daily to feast on the oceans of the World of
Ruins, just as Franca accompanied Lumian into the ruins to let him lose
control and vent his madness every day.

Seeing Ludwig also looking at him curiously, Lumian retrieved an item
from his divine kingdom.

It was a three-tiered silver-black jewelry box encrusted with countless
gemstones---Box of the Great Old Ones!