---
category: Volume 8
discussion: 2632
index: 1149
section: vol8
slug: 1149
title: Acting
---

## Chapter 1149: Acting

As Franca watched the crimson moon rise inch by inch, a chill ran down
her spine. She felt as if her darkening flaxen-colored hair was growing
along with it.

"What now?" She couldn't help but glance at Lumian.

After becoming a Demoness of Catastrophe, she had a vague understanding
of Lumian's intended actions---essentially, the plan was this:

With the help of various forces on the Western Continent, Lumian would
attempt to become the Origins of Disaster, Calamity of Destruction,
before the Mother Goddess of Depravity fully accommodated the Brood
Hive. Then, leveraging the symbolic connection between Earth Mother
Lilith and Omebella, he would slay this true god to destroy the newly
reborn Omebella, thereby provoking the Brood Hive into rebelling against
the Mother Goddess of Depravity. Finally, he would seize the opportunity
during Their confrontation to heavily wound the Mother Goddess of
Depravity, heavily damage the Pillar, and drive Her out of the astral
barrier.

Once this plan commenced, every second would count. Earth Mother
Lilith's voluntary death would rapidly lead to the fragmentation of the
astral barrier. Lumian would have only a fleeting window to wound and
banish the Mother Goddess of Depravity before returning to the astral
barrier himself to take Earth Mother's place. Failing this, the entire
situation would collapse, and the apocalypse would arrive prematurely.

If the plan succeeded, Lumian---now having transcended the
Sequences---could sustain the barrier and buy two or three more years.
By then, Mr. Fool would fully awaken, lift the seals around the Western
Continent, and allow more Great Old One to emerge.

Franca had two major concerns about the plan. First, from Earth Mother
Lilith's fall to the shattering of the astral barrier, the time window
might be mere seconds. Could Lumian truly injure the Mother Goddess of
Depravity, a Pillar? Second, even if Lumian somehow managed this
extraordinary feat, could he---already precarious in balance and prone
to "occasional" bouts of lucidity---remain stable after forcibly
accommodating the City of Calamity long enough to maintain the barrier?

Now Franca realized she didn't need to worry anymore.

Because their plan was doomed before it even began!

The Mother Goddess of Depravity was about to fully accommodate the Brood
Hive, leaving nothing capable of restraining Her!

At this moment, they could kill Earth Mother Lilith and reignite the
Brood Hive's rebellious instincts to buy more time for Lumian to
accommodate the City of Calamity. But who would then reinforce the
astral barrier and halt the other Outer Deities' invasion?

It was death either way!

Yet Lumian smiled, the corners of his mouth curling upward, as he said
to Franca, "There's still a chance. Still a way."

As he spoke, the scenery around them shifted from wildly growing trees
and weeds to the villa in the protected zone.

*Still a way?* Franca, affected by Lumian's calm and resolute
demeanor, felt her panic subside.

Lumian nodded at her. "Take Anthony and Ludwig and go to Madam
Magician's place immediately. Follow her instructions. I'll meet Mr.
Fool above the gray fog."

"Alright." Franca did not hesitate or let her emotions cloud her
judgment.

She stepped forward, embracing Lumian's asymmetrical body for two
seconds in silence.

Straightening, she extended her right hand and offered a bright smile.
"May we stay safe, and may you succeed."

Lumian smiled back, raising his right hand for a high-five.

With a crisp slap, he stared deeply at Franca for a few seconds, then
turned and ascended the staircase. Grayish-white fog began to swirl
around him as he disappeared.

Only when Lumian's figure faded completely did Franca wipe her eyes, her
expression calm as she turned to face Anthony and Ludwig, who had
already received notifications via the mental channel.

"We need to relocate," Franca said lightly, with a hint of a smile.

At the same time, many high-level figures in the protected zone sensed
an ominous premonition.

Queen Mystic Bernadette swiftly produced Her Magic Wishing Lamp.

Even before she could stroke the lamp's surface, golden light burst from
its spout, forming a faint, blue-tinged figure.

Genie's majestic voice reverberated.

"I warned Them that my sister's accommodation of the Brood Hive would be
faster than expected. Why didn't They act sooner?

"Fate is only a baseline. Blind faith in its revelations invites
backlash!"

As a former Clairvoyant, Bernadette immediately understood Genie's
meaning: Fate's guidance was undoubtedly correct but only provided a
baseline. For instance, in this case, fate might have hinted that there
would be no major problems within a month. However, it wouldn't reveal
that the apocalypse would strike immediately after that time frame.

Similarly, fate might suggest there was still hope and opportunity a
month from now but wouldn't warn that acting earlier could yield better
chances and greater hope.

After a few seconds of silence, Queen Mystic Bernadette replied
solemnly, "Perhaps it's precisely because fate is so enigmatic that we
still have a chance and hope."

Genie fell silent at Her words.

___

Above the gray fog, in the majestic palace.

Lumian's figure appeared and immediately addressed Mr. Fool at the head
of the bronze table.

"The Mother Goddess of Depravity will fully accommodate the Brood Hive
in at most half an hour. We didn't notice any signs until now."

Shrouded in gray-white fog, Mr. Fool nodded gently.

"Don't panic.

"This was already accounted for in our contingency plans. If we can't
wait for the optimal moment, even a moderate or slightly worse
opportunity is still an opportunity."

"I agree." Lumian smiled, his expression relaxed.

The time had finally come.

For him, it felt like a journey filled with pain and torment was finally
reaching its conclusion. The sense of relief outweighed all else.

In the next second, Lumian stood, placing his hand over his chest, and
solemnly bowed to Mr. Fool.

"Honorable Mr. Fool, let us begin."

"May all go smoothly, and may we meet again." Mr. Fool also stood,
removing his silk top hat and placing it over his chest in a return bow.

Moments later, a figure pierced the gray fog and entered the palace.

It was the voluptuous and beautiful Earth Mother Lilith holding an
invisible infant. Radiant with maternal grace, She arrived through a
dream tied to the divine kingdom affiliated with Sefirah Castle.

"Is it time?" This ancestor of the Sanguine asked Mr. Fool with a
relaxed smile.

Her demeanor mirrored Lumian's, her smile much the same.

Before Mr. Fool could respond, Lilith looked at Lumian, who stood beside
the bronze table, and understood instantly.

"So it's him who will kill me.

"I see. That's how it should be."

Earth Mother Lilith visibly relaxed, Her beautiful features softening
further with a benevolent glow.

She even offered Lumian Her thanks. "Thank you."

Then She urged, "Let's begin. Time is of the essence."

Lumian glanced at Mr. Fool, who nodded. He then moved to the bottom of
the bronze table, turning the chair representing The World to face Earth
Mother Lilith.

On the chair sat a card, depicting Empress Roselle in a maternity gown,
her belly swollen with maternal radiance.

Card of Blasphemy, Mother card!

Lumian picked up the Mother card and sat down in The World's seat.

To his sides, the flawless Zedus and the withered tree remains of
Omebella appeared with Mr. Fool's assistance.

In the next second, Zedus, under Lumian's command, opened His mouth and
called out in a low voice, "Mother."

Hearing this title, Lumian smiled.

Yes, the role he would act next was that of the Mother Goddess of
Depravity!

This wasn't a fabricated symbolism, but something the Mother Goddess of
Depravity Herself had acknowledged and permitted---one She had
personally forged!

From containing fragments of Zedus's soul in Cordu Village to fusing
Omebella's bloodline in Trier, Lumian had become the motherly vessel for
these two divine offspring, a counterpart to Madame Pualis in secret.

Subsequent events had reinforced this symbolic role. Thus, when drawing
for a Major Arcana card, the first card he drew was The World. Thus, in
the mirror world, his encounter with the calamity-representing
Primordial Demoness and the mirrored Original Creator would allow
Omebella to truly manifest in reality!

In all these occurrences, he had acted the role of the Mother, the
Mother Goddess of Depravity.

This was a sanctioned act---a symbolic connection recognized by the
original!

Since, during the descent of the crimson moon, the Mother Goddess of
Depravity had been Fooled, failing to kill Lumian immediately to sever
this connection, he could now exploit it in reverse!

To strengthen this role, Lumian had deliberately incorporated Zedus into
his legion and exchanged for Omebella's remains, ensuring Their
acknowledgment of him as Their mother.

The Mother card, provided by Mr. Fool, further solidified the
connection.

Glancing at the Gift of the Land, which nestled close to him, Lumian
closed his eyes briefly and recalled the whispered words of the
Primordial Demoness, Cheek:

*"Who you are is not important...*

*"What you want to do is not important either...*

*"What's important is the role you're playing..."*

Lumian smiled, signaling Omebella's remains to merge with Earth Mother
Lilith, overlapping the two together.

Sitting in The World's seat, Lumian's smile grew brighter. His left hand
conjured formless, colorless flames, while his right wielded a sinister
black fire that froze everything it touched.

"Yes, who I am does not matter.

"What matters is the role I play.

"But what I want to do matters just as much!"

With this thought, Lumian suddenly rose, unleashing the two opposing
flames. They intertwined and struck Lilith and Omebella's remains.

*Now, I am acting as the Mother Goddess of Depravity!*

*And what I want is to kill my daughter, Omebella!*