---
category: Volume 8
discussion: 2637
index: 1154
section: vol8
slug: 1154
title: Calamity of Destruction
---

## Chapter 1154: Calamity of Destruction

As Lumian clenched one of the arms on his right side, the void before
him collapsed entirely, meeting its apocalypse. It formed a vortex of
chaos that contained all colors and possibilities.

Just as an Apocalypse was an ascendant form of Catastrophe, Chaos was an
ascendant form of Apocalypse.

Catastrophe led to the collapse of an entire system. Apocalypse deepened
that collapse into a total explosion of contradictions, entangling all
into one. Chaos represented the singularity in a convergence, the
conclusion after the total explosion.

Thus, the Chaos of the Chaos Demoness could not be applied directly to a
stable and balanced target. A catastrophic collapse must first be
created in the designated area, followed by the total explosion of
contradictions to form a substantial vortex of chaos. Only then could it
spread outward to affect the target.

As soon as the vortex containing all colors appeared, it began spreading
toward the malevolent dragon.

It encountered an invisible barrier, unable to directly reach the
dragon's massive body.

This was part of the sealing mechanism. The malevolent dragon was
incapable of creating catastrophes or launching attacks within the area
It occupied or where the iron-black chains extended. Otherwise, It would
have destroyed the sealing chains through self-inflicted damage long
ago, returning to the "sea"---after all, as long as even a single flame
of Its being remained, It could rebuild Its body.

This limitation restricted both the malevolent dragon and Lumian.

The vortex of chaos churned violently against the invisible barrier,
pulling and shredding it in an attempt to consume it. Yet the barrier's
power seemed endless, showing no signs of faltering in the short term.

Around the dragon-sealing well, high-ranking figures from the Western
Continent, such as the Celestial Master and the Holy Monk, successively
unleashed Their powers. Layer by layer, They decoupled the seal,
creating a breach in the area where Lumian was attacking.

The vortex of chaos quickly broke through the invisible barrier,
extending toward the malevolent dragon's enormous body.

On the surface of the chains binding that part of the dragon, the demon
carvings---rather than showing anger as they faced the encroaching
chaos---wore expressions of joy. They straightened their backs, lifted
their heads high, and their terrifying visages of green faces, sharp
fangs, bare bones, and oozing pus radiated pride and relief.

The vortex, containing all possibilities, swept them in, quickly
dissolving them into nothingness.

The corresponding chains fractured and fell into the chaos.

That section of the malevolent dragon's body was also torn apart---deep
red flames, iron-black bones, white spikes, and black fur all dissipated
into the vortex of chaos.

All three of Its heads tilted back simultaneously, letting out agonized
howls.

The affected part of Its body broke apart. Without the binding chains,
It ignited prematurely with black flames that restrained madness,
destruction, and chaos.

The swathes of dark flames collided with the approaching chaos, plunging
the blood-colored sea into instant darkness. Light, sound, and motion
all ceased to exist.

Both forces annihilated each other simultaneously.

As Lumian prepared to capitalize on his strike, to unleash catastrophe,
herald apocalypse, and initiate wave after wave of warfare, a surge of
madness erupted from deep within his mind.

The "occasional" state he was in ended prematurely.

He lost control. He went mad!

This was because the malevolent dragon was an incomplete Origins of
Disaster. Unless It deliberately restrained Itself, Its corresponding
symbols would inevitably influence the surrounding area. For Lumian, two
latent calamities were most prominent: his fragile balance and the fact
that he had already lost control and succumbed to madness, only
temporarily lucid due to The Fool Klein's wish. The first had already
been triggered earlier, and now, the second was inevitably manifesting
as disaster!

The central head on Lumian's body lost all reason. Its expression
twisted with madness. At the same time, the chaotic vortex face on his
left shoulder suddenly developed two holes, as if organs had been
forcibly gouged out at the positions of its eyes.

This face took over his entire body.

A Virtual Persona!

It was the Virtual Persona from the Visionary pathway!

Over the past month, besides stabilizing his state and helping the Tarot
Club members, as well as those he still cared about in the protected
zones, Lumian had been contemplating potential challenges in his battle
against the malevolent dragon.

Thanks to The Fool Klein's awakening and accommodation of Sefirah
Castle, Lumian gained deeper understanding and mastery over symbols and
their influences. He learned the nature of the Origins of Disaster,
Calamity of Destruction, as well as their potential impacts on himself.

To counter this, he had used the Visionary's abilities to implant a
virtual persona in himself. If his primary consciousness lost control
and descended into madness, this temporary persona would immediately
emerge, fusing with the chaotic vortex face to take over his body.

The chaotic vortex face was chosen because only Its status and rank
could suppress the other faces and the uncontrollable madness of his
primary consciousness.

The Virtual Persona, a near-exact replica of Lumian but with subtle
differences, barely restrained his frenzied instincts. At that moment,
an endless black void appeared before him, along with a star larger and
brighter than the sun.

The star's core collapsed on a massive scale, releasing unparalleled
light and heat.

A sea of unimaginable brilliance surged forth, just seconds away from
engulfing Lumian.

The central head on Lumian's body burst into maniacal laughter.

"Is this also a damn calamity?"

___

At the border between the Western Continent and the Fog Sea, high above
the grayish-white fog.

The nest-like, ten-thousand-meter-high peak on the blood-red moon began
to tremble, sinking inch by inch.

The halted fusion resumed, though not at the same rapid pace as when the
blood moon first rose.

Among the countless manifestations of Klein surrounding the moonlit
world, some were engaging in "infighting," while others remotely
influenced the Mother Goddess of Depravity, albeit only causing
interference.

___

Somewhere in the ruins of the Southern Continent.

Within a concealed area protected by slight corruption transmitted by
the Mother Tree of Desire through the Chained God, the grotesque
followers of the Mother Tree of Desire---oozing pus, with misplaced
facial features, or bearing animalistic traits like rabbit ears, skinny
pig limbs, and sheep torsos, or writhing in agony under ceaseless
curses---simultaneously received messages from Suah and Tirié: "Come to
the altar!

"Hahaha, the Mother Goddess of Depravity is about to succeed. After
accommodating the Brood Hive, She will assist us according to Her pact
with the Lord, the Primordial God Almighty!

"This is what we gained in exchange for the loss of the Tree of Shadow!"

Upon hearing the name Mother Goddess of Depravity, many of the followers
underwent grotesque transformations, sprouting genitalia, staining
blood-red, or swelling as fetuses prepared to tear their way out...

These Beyonders staggered toward the altar.

Suah and Tirié, in Their madness, were indifferent to their states, or
perhaps, didn't even consider it.

___

Confronted by the exploding sea of light, Lumian ignited.

He transformed into an invisible, colorless flame before becoming pure
light.

In a sun-like state wreathed in fire, he met the raging, searing,
terrifying sea of light.

Lumian was absorbed into it. His outer flames extinguished and reignited
repeatedly, while his inner luminous consciousness alternated between
disintegration and cohesion.

As the explosion neared its end, he morphed into a vortex of chaos,
absorbing the surrounding light and heat to reconstruct his body.

Relying on the chaotic vortex face's status, rank, abilities, and Its
affinity with light, Lumian barely survived this calamity.

Yes, the Calamity of Destruction encompassed universal symbols, and a
supernova explosion was undoubtedly one such calamity!

Similarly, as the Calamity of Destruction represented a universal-level
symbol, the scope of the City of Calamity could be infinitely small or
infinitely vast.

Immediately after, Lumian transformed into light and, at the speed of
light, raced toward the location of the malevolent dragon he sensed.

At that moment, an indescribably deep darkness emerged in the adjacent
starry sky.

The darkness couldn't be directly seen or truly perceived. It was
identifiable only through the distorted gases and the slow-spinning
disk-like structure surrounding it.

The light that Lumian had become bent uncontrollably toward the
darkness, entering the rotating structure of diffuse material.

This too was a calamity!

A true Calamity of Destruction!

Lumian realized he had only one path to survival: to quickly pass
through the earlier breach and enter the malevolent dragon's territory.

There, the malevolent dragon couldn't launch attacks or create
calamities. Otherwise, It would have freed Itself long ago!

Amid the bending light, Lumian abruptly reverted to his fiery giant
form.

Clusters of his intangible flames flew toward the spinning disk's core,
followed by the iron-black bones that made up his frame.

Seizing a fleeting opportunity, a vivid banner-like mark emerged on the
forehead of the central head.

He was invoking the sacrificial ability of the Red Priest, offering
tribute to the malevolent dragon and pleading for Its aid!

In a normal state, the malevolent dragon would have ignored Its enemy.
But now, with the external consciousnesses and inclinations temporarily
stripped from it, the malevolent dragon was a pure creature of instinct.

Receiving sacrifices and providing Its help was an ability etched into
the Beyonder characteristics, authority, concepts, and symbols of the
Hunter pathway. The malevolent dragon would instinctively,
uncontrollably respond to Lumian, even if it led to Its own downfall.

This was why Lumian had begun the battle by forcing the dragon back to
its godhood and instincts with the Omniscient Eye!

As time slowed to a crawl, Lumian, now missing most of his body,
received the malevolent dragon's response.

"Haha!" His central head laughed maniacally.

The darkness and its surrounding distortions dissipated in tandem.

That individual for which it came was the same reason it vanished.

Before the malevolent dragon could react, Lumian activated a contract
mark on his body.