---
category: One Shot
discussion: 1465
index: 1431
section: side
slug: 1431
title: A Day in The Year 1346
---

## Side Story: A Day in The Year 1346 

**Note:** It was published as an exclusive side story of *Lord of
Mysteries* in the "Chinese Physical Book Volume 3." It corresponds to
Web Novel *Chapter 139: Studying 3-0782* to *Chapter 213: Another Look*
*aka.* End of Volume 1.

This is a **Bullet Point Paraphrasing Summary** by Windvally, not the
complete translation of the story.

- In the Year 1346, Leonard Mitchell was testing his Sleepless abilities
  and ended up rolling down the staircase of Blackthorn Security Company
  like a meatball.
- Dunn Smith was a Sequence 9 Sleepless for 3 years, a Sequence 8
  Midnight Poet for 9 years. He used over 2 weeks to adapt and control
  his Sequence 7 Nightmare powers.
- Dunn is bringing Leonard to answer a request for help from Tingen
  University Department of History. An associate professor Mrs. Sinel is
  experiencing auditory hallucinations and having the same nightmare
  every night. This will be Leonard's debut, officially getting in touch
  with supernatural cases. Mrs. Sinel is a believer of the Evernight
  Goddess, thus Blackthorn took the case even though Tingen's University
  District is under the jurisdiction of Machinery Hivemind.
- Rule of Jurisdiction: When a case does not involve believers of
  multiple Gods (meaning all involved individuals believe in only one of
  the Orthodox Gods), Supernatural Cases' management rights are
  delegated based on religion and not based on district.
- Nighthawks are responsible for Tingen City's North District, West
  District, and Golden Maple District.
- Daly Simone (on that day in the year 1346) wore a black color schemed
  shirt, trousers, and jacket. Looks smooth and clean but not overly
  masculine. She wore a Smokey Eyeshadow makeup, a style that was
  invented by Emperor Roselle and spread from Intis to the Loen Kingdom.
  Her clothing in addition to her unique aura, making her appear overall
  gloomy and cold as if a female ghost walking out of a folktale.
- Cuttlefish knifing us with Daly teasing Leonard, Dunn said don't tease
  the young ones, Daly rebuked with "not the young ones, that means you
  would be okay?" Dunn changing subjects.
- Daly insisted on going with Dunn and Leonard, commenting on how her
  abilities complement Dunn's, while Leonard is the extra one that's
  useless as he's just a "lower sequence Dunn".
- Leonard is surprised why Daly is a lot quieter on their way to the
  University, only occasionally making fun of Dunn. Leonard inferred
  that Daly has some things on her mind.
- The University District is divided into two parts by Khoy River, one
  side is Tingen University, the other side is Khoy University.
- Mrs. Sinel is a middle-aged female who wears a pair of gold-rimmed
  glasses with small chains attached. She has heavy bags under her eyes,
  her skin appears rather pale and gloomy, her whole condition doesn't
  seem too good.
- Mrs. Sinel has been having very similar nightmares every night since
  two weeks ago. In this nightmare, she's placed within a battlefield
  filled with corpses. The smell of blood that permeates the battlefield
  is extremely real, she could even remember the smell at this moment.
- Dunn: Similar? Not "The Same"? Mrs. Sinel stated the nightmares
  sometimes are the same battlefield scene, sometimes the nightmare
  "progresses forward".
- Initially, it was just corpses littered everywhere on the ground,
  blood-soaked the place full. After that, gradually the sky was painted
  red as well. And without me noticing, countless wounds and cuts
  appeared on my body as well, blood pouring out from each and every one
  of them nonstop. At which point I was scared awake.
- No matter how I sleep, when I sleep, where I sleep, this dream will
  always appear. Just since a few days ago, I even started hearing
  shouts and screams of agony under broad daylight. Almost as if two
  armies that I could not perceive are fighting around me. Since a few
  days ago, even in my dreams, figures are gradually manifesting in the
  distance as well, under the blood-red sky.
- Daly walked around Mrs. Sinel's room a bit. her eyes first turned
  gray-white, then turned again into a colorless state.
- Daly leaned close to Dunn's ears and whispered her results, making
  Dunn feel uneasy about their body position lol.
- Two weeks ago, Mrs. Sinel bought a batch of artifacts that supposedly
  originated from The 4th Epoch. Recently she has been constantly
  studying and researching these artifacts, trying to determine if they
  are indeed from The 4th Epoch.
- There were many artifacts, but one caught Dunn's eye immediately - A
  dark golden-colored coin.
- This dark golden-colored coin:

