---
category: Audio Drama
discussion: 1467
index: 1433
section: side
slug: 1433
title: Klein's Niece
---

## Multi-Character Audio Drama - Special Episode: Klein's Niece 

**Note:** This is a non-canon special episode of *Lord of Mysteries*
released on May 28th, 2021 on **Himalaya Audio Book APP**. It is
translated by Windvally.

Klein's Niece POV:

Today, I greeted Mr. Fool\~

I told Dakye^[The name sound like "Dakye" \[达克耶\], no script to see the actual Chinese word used for the name, so I can only guess. Seems like] about this, but he
didn't believe me.

[I wasn't lying to him though.
][ヽ][(][ಠ][\_][ಠ][)
][ノ]

Ah!

That's right!

At the time, why did I not tell him what Mr. Fool looked like?

He has......*scribbling noise*

He......has.....*scribbling noise*

Eh? The ink ran out? *scribbling noise*

Huh, it's working again\~ (\^.\^)

scribbling noise

Anyways, Dakye is a big dummy!

All he does is reciting weird poem lines.

The book he lent me last time, \<The World's World\>, was not enjoyable
to read in the slightest!

disappointed humpfh

Forget it! I will listen to auntie, from now on I will never bring this
up with someone else again, that I've met Mr. Fool.

Today's dinner, we are having Mr. Fool's holy meal^[I know there's words like Sacrament/Communion/Mass etc., but those are Christian terms. I will just use holy meal for the sake of simplicity.].

That's what father said: "This is a holy meal."

But aren't these type of food what we normally have in our family
anyways?

Ummh......

Lamb boiled with soft tofu.

Beef soup.

Mashed potato.

Fried Tussock fish.

Stewed rhubarb.

*giggles* There's also sweet ice tea!

[Sweet ice tea taste so delicious\~
][ԅ][(][♡][﹃][♡][ԅ][)]

Mmh......After we finished the holy meal, my father was once again busy
discussing about curly baboons. He won't play with me.

Uhm......That's why, I am not telling him \~

\~ that I had ice cream this morning!

Mmh, the little big brother^[Basically, probably Will. She calls him "little big brother", a Chinese term used for a boy/male older than you but within the same developmental stage as you. And often not used on people past 40 years old. It's not used for family members or friends, only for neighbors and strangers that you have good impressions of.] who
gifted me ice cream was really nice.

Mmh\~\~\~ *hiccup*

Mmh...I am really full.

Auntie said, if I pray to Mr. Fool before I go to sleep, there will be
angels descending into my dream world and giving me good dreams.

Mmh, Mr. Fool is so great! I have decided to give this a try.

scribbling noise

It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Fool.

Have a good night!

closing diary noise

